OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
What's an urban legend?!
That black bike!
The headless rider!
The man riding that black bike...
...has no head.
It's completely gone, yet he can still move.
It doesn't sound like that difficult of a job, but be careful anyway.
I don't remember anything about you becoming a crusader for justice.
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?!
The headless rider?! I've heard of him!
My friend saw him riding around.
Well, I'm not really interested in that.
If that's what you mean, I took a picture.
See?
The headless rider?
That's this guy.
I've heard of that.
I, like, mighta seen it near Sunshine.
For reals?
I dunno, but, like, everyone was freaking out, so it had to be him.
Everyone has a lot to say about her.
It looks like the bike was spotted again.
But, do you really think it's true that he has no head?
That's just ill-spirited gossip.
But I've heard some stories that are pretty believable.
Whoa...
There's no way he could be headless.
Unless he weren't human...
Then it'd be believable.
Apparently, those who know the most about it aren't talking.
Sorry, but I don't know anything about it.
What do you think?
What impressions do you have of this headless rider?
Do you think she's scary? Cool? Unexpectedly kind?
Or...
Do you not know what to think?
I'm going to tell you what I know about the headless rider.
It's a long story, but I'd like you to keep an open mind.
First, let me introduce myself.
I'm Kishitani Shinra, twenty-four years old.
I'm an underground physician here in this town.
To put it more clearly, I'm a black market doctor.
I treat people who've been injured by illegal weapons and perform cosmetic surgery on people who need to change their faces.
Even though I work in this field, I'm skilled and well respected.
Alright, time to get to the important part.
I'm home!
That's right.
I...live with the headless rider, Celty Sturluson.
I'm home, Celty.
It was a really simple job.
How about you?
No peeking!
Sorry! I didn't mean it like that! I just accidentally...
Umm, you look pretty pissed, huh?
You might need some more calcium.
Are you saying I should eat egg shells?
That might be a good idea.
Well, I'm just a doctor.
I'm not a nutritionist, so I don't know stuff like how much calcium is in egg shells or how well you could absorb it from that source.
I don't even know where your brain is, so who knows how much you even need calcium.
Shut up!
Hey, Celty, I'll ask you again, but how does the world look to you when you have no eyeballs?
I can't explain to other people what I don't understand.
She doesn't have a head, but can see, hear, and smell.
However, she can't see 360 degrees just because she doesn't have a head.
She has only a slightly broader range of visibility than humans...
This is nothing more than one of my hypotheses,
but regarding that mysterious, shadow-like, sci-fi substance which keeps emanating from your body...
Do you think it collects information about your surroundings for you by releasing particles into the air and analyzing them when they return?
Of course, then you wouldn't be able to pick up information about things from far away.
I don't care.
I'm fine as long as I can see and hear.
You're always like this, Celty.
I wonder just how different the worlds you and I perceive truly are...
That's all I want to know.
This isn't just a conversation about your field of vision.
It's also about your value system.
The value system of a fairy who just materialized in this town.
I'd like to know what a dullahan thinks is valuable about this world...
What's wrong?
If it's okay with you, let's talk it over.
Did something happen?
Orihara said your job today was easy, but...
I finished the job without any setbacks.
But?
I'm really thankful for couriers.
I'm where I am thanks to you, and you're where you are thanks to me.
I'd rather not believe the last part of that sentence.
Don't say that...
I hope I can count on you in the future as well.
I'd like to get along with you, you know.
From now until forever...
Is it just me, or are you being really creepy?
It's totally just you.
Anyway, do you know what a dullahan is?
Apparently it's a headless fairy in Ireland,
but there's a caricature artist in Yoemi park who says he's seen someone like that.
I heard he kept talking about how, "She had no head! She had no head," so I wonder if he's referring to a dullahan...
Is he still there?
Hmph. Who knows.
I knew she'd be interested.
Celty Sturluson is not human.
She's a wandering spirit that's termed a "dullahan" by Celtic lore.
Do you know of a caricature artist?
Oh, he's not here anymore.
Hey, didn't that guy say he was moving on to Yokohama?
Huh?
A dullahan holds its own decapitated head in its hands while she rides a two-wheeled carriage pulled by a headless horse called "Koshitabawa."
It visits the houses of people who are close to dying.
If you happen to open the door for it, your life ends.
You're doused with blood from a wash bin.
It'd be difficult to connect her current form to that ominous and bloody legend, though.
Except for the fact she has no head.
Why did she come to Ikebukuro in Tokyo, Japan?
Why is she so concerned about her own head?
I'll tell you about that right now.
It happened twenty years ago.
She awoke one day in the mountains to find that her head was gone.
In that instant, she also noticed that she'd lost various memories.
Things like her personality and memories of her past.
However, she remembered that she was a dullahan, her name was Celty Sturluson, and she possessed certain abilities.
And the first thing she was surprised at was...
I don't just think about things with my head.
As she said.
She also noticed that she felt the presence of her head nearby.
Assessing the situation, she inferred one thing.
That her will was shared by her body and head, and that her lost memories must lie inside her head.
She then made a decision.
She was going to get her head back and remember the meaning of her existence.
That itself became her purpose in life.
It's possible that her head left its body of its own free will.
Even so, she wouldn't know unless she got it back.
He wasn't in Yokohama anymore.
I tried Tama next, then Chiba.
No matter where I went, I couldn't find him.
You should've just waited until tomorrow.
I was desperate.
My head might be there.
I wanted to get it back no matter what.
Even if was only a day earlier...
I don't want to live with only vague memories anymore.
Following that faint presence her head exuded, she came so far...
But apparently her head had left the country.
The ship was headed for Japan.
She decided to stow away and keep following it.
The problem was her horse.
Dullahans possess horse carcasses as their servants.
She could've just made it disappear, but only her head would know where it went.
Therefore, even though she knew how to make it disappear, she couldn't do it.
It was then...
That she...
Came across it.
I couldn't find him anywhere.
But...
Hey, I know that guy.
He was in Southern Ikebukuro Park just two days ago.
I see.
You want me to take you to him?
It's got to be inconvenient living like that, right?
There you go.
Amazing!
He drew you prettier than you really are, Arisa.
Hey!
Great job as always, mister.
No, no, I still can't quite draw things the way I envision them.
Thank you very much.
My pleasure.
Come again!
Okay!
I'm sorry, but it's getting dark.
I'm done for the day.
Is it true that you've seen a dullahan?
Huh?
Yeah...yeah, it is.
I saw one in the mountains of Ireland when I was young.
I saw it with these eyes, I'm certain.
What do you mean by, "It lost its head?"
"It lost its head?" That's not it.
It had no head.
I can't draw it right.
Look.
It was a woman, and an extremely beautiful one at that.
She passed by me on a mountain road during a really foggy night.
She was frightening yet beautiful as she drove by at an incredible speed.
I just knew she wasn't of this world.
After I returned to the inn and talked to someone, he told me it was, without a doubt, a dullahan.
Apparently they've inhabited that place since the olden days.
Why don't your dullahans hold any heads?
I can't draw them.
The more I try to draw them, the more they vary.
My memory of that day is so vivid, yet I can't remember that woman at all.
What color was her hair? Her eyes? What about her facial expression?
If I knew, I wouldn't bother making pictures of her.
Although, a strange man came by the other day.
He told me that picture was perfect.
He said she didn't have to have a head.
What a weird guy.
Why do you care so much about it?
That experience was the height of my life.
That one night was my whole life.
I want to get back the feelings and the memories I had of that moment.
Thanks, man.
I get it.
You don't remember meeting him at all, do you?
No.
That dullahan may have been you, or it may not have.
Or he might have misconstrued what he saw.
It was definitely me.
I know it.
Alright.
Where was I going then?
What was I thinking and what was my goal?
Do you really have to worry that much about it?
Huh?
You can appear and disappear at will and you're refreshingly unique.
However, you're still quite far away from having your wish come true.
What are you trying to say?
It's simple...
Just give up.
That strange man's probably right.
You might be fine without your head.
Let's stop looking for your head and go somewhere together.
Anywhere is fine.
As long as you wish it, I'll use any means I can to get you back to your hometown.
I'll go there, too.
We'll be together forever.
I don't hate you, but I'm fine with how things are now.
Don't say that—
I'm fine!
Then...
Try being more feminine—
I've had enough!
So, I guess our values are different after all.
Let's end this intermission and continue with the story.
The story of her—no, us after we boarded that ship.
She was able to talk the crew into letting her on board, but she realized her appearance made her stand out.
After knowing her for a while, I can now say it wasn't much of a shock.
Although, I was surprised the first time I saw her.
I was four years old at the time.
I was returning to Japan with my father.
Dad, Dad, there's a woman in the cargo bay!
To put it nicely, my father—Shingen—wasn't someone you couldn call normal.
After hearing what I said, most parents would just ignore it.
However, my father was different.
Maybe it was because he was a doctor, but it piqued his interest.
Ma'am, this might be presumptuous, but is it true you have no head?
So my father entreated her:
"As long as you let me dissect you once, I'll give you a place to stay."
She assented.
Apparently she doesn't remember much of what happened after that.
Human anesthesia didn't really work on her, so I'm sure the shock of it all was quite great.
It seems she can feel pain, but not nearly as acutely as a human would.
She doesn't have a heart.
All her organs are in form only and serve no real function.
She has blood vessels, but no blood courses through them. Her flesh is the only thing that's real.
It's as if she's just a model.
But, look.
How does she die?
He's a horrible father, right?
He let a four year-old dissect somebody.
Yet, thanks to his teachings, I learned how to be a surgeon.
I don't even know what you could call "fortunate" about this.
What's wrong?
My feelings for her haven't changed during the twenty years I've lived with her.
And she continues to search for her head while working as a courier.
I wonder what she plans to do if she ever finds her head?
What will happen to her?
Is her will the same as her head's?
Or...
What're you filming?
Um, you know, I'm filming every aspect of my daily life to leave to posterity.
Well, whatever you're doing, do it quietly. I can't sleep.
I'm sorry, Celty.
Well, I'll end it here. We'll continue at a later time.
Wow, that's perfect!
Huh? What is? Dullahans are supposed to carry their heads with them.
It's fine if it doesn't have its head, right?
Of course it's not. You can say that because you've never seen the real thing.
She was an incredibly beautiful woman.
I'm sure.
Hm?
But I still think she looks better without her head.
She's more charming that way.
It's perfect as it is.
Therefore, there's no need for you to worry.
It's fine if you can't draw her head.
Even if you never can...
I'm still going to draw it.
I said it's fine as it is.
You sure are weird.
No, I'm not that weird.
You want to know about my seductive suaveness and heartbreaker lifestyle?
Then take the channel of your heart and tune it in to me, the cool yet shy Kida Masaomi.
Next time: False Advertising.
Don't miss out on this once-in-300-years chance!OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
I'm relying on numbers!
We got it!
These are The Dollars?!
What is this?
They couldn't all be...
For example, you could marry me.
Are you keeping our secret about "that?"
Celty...
This is much more fun than I thought it'd be.
I'm screaming that, "I've been born right here and now!"
Give Celty back to me!
I guess I have to thank you.
If it weren't for you, my sister would've locked her away in that cramped research facility again.
Yagiri...
Are you all right?!
Anyway, give Celty back to me.
I have to run away with her somewhere before the police arrive.
That's why you're—
I've watched her since I was a child.
I wanted to set her free...
To let her run free in a wide-open world...
And I'd live there with her.
I've always, always, always, always, always, always been thinking nothing but those thoughts.
You can't stop the power of love, you know.
In contrast to that, what are you?
You relied only on strength in numbers both then and now.
My love won't fall apart so easily!
It won't work!
I feel pain, but I'll forget it!
There's no need for pain in the life I'll lead with Celty!
That's why I won't feel the pain you're dishing out!
That's ridiculous!
Stop it!
Please, stop!
Seiji is strict, violent, and different from most people, but he's not a bad person!
And he has someone he likes!
That's not her.
It couldn't be...
It couldn't be! It couldn't be! It couldn't be!
That's why...
That's not her. That girl...
That's...not my head.
That girl...
Her name is...
Harima...Mika?
I'm right, aren't I?
You're Harima Mika, the girl who Seiji supposedly killed, right?
That's a lie.
Right?
He's lying, right?
I'm sorry!
Hey, you're there, aren't you, Seiji?
I'm here again!
Oh my, you forgot to leave the door unlocked again.
I can't come in if you do that.
Could you be sleeping?
Do you remember?
Seiji, I sat next to you during our entrance exams.
Since the person on my right had the awesome name "Ryugamine Mikado..."
I wondered what kind of name the person to my left had...
And when I glanced over, I fell in love at first sight.
You even smiled when our eyes met, Seiji.
So, please show yourself, Seiji!
Pretty please?
Maybe you're not feeling well?
Is that why you're not opening the door?
Then I'll open it for you. Just wait a bit.
I'll be right there.
I looked into some things after that day.
Like your birthday, and stuff about your family...
Se-Seiji...
So, you've seen it.
Um, err, I, well...
Uhh, I won't tell anybody!
Umm, umm, it's okay!
I'll grow to like what you like, no matter what hobbies you have!
Um, so don't—
It's okay.
Seiji...
It's okay.
Seiji...?
It's okay.
I'm sorry!
I didn't really die!
Then, your sister...
You want Seiji to like you?
What a good girl.
And...and there was a doctor there, too.
He said with a little cosmetic surgery and some makeup, I'd look just like that head—the head you're in love with!
He said, "You're Celty now, since that's what its name is."
So I tried to be like Celty for your sake!
But Namie said that wasn't enough.
She said you'd figure that out, so they'd use surgery and medication to make my memory disappear.
But I didn't want to lose my memories!
Someone who knows my name.
A doctor who knows I'm a dullahan.
There's only one person like that in this city!
I just wanted to be with you!
That's why I went through all this!
This has to be a lie.
Then I...
So you couldn't distinguish the impostor from the real thing.
That must mean that's all your love amounted to.
Good work.
Seiji!
Um, I think it's amazing that you risked your life trying to get her back.
I misunderstood you, Harima.
You've certainly got some personality problems, but you're definitely not a stalker.
I mean, you put your life on the line for him, which is something you probably can't do out of selfishness.
The fact that you still love the guy who almost killed you is amazing.
In many different ways.
Harima, I think you're a lot like Yagiri.
Welcome home.
You want to say, "What's the meaning of this," right?
And next, you'd say:
"So, you knew that my head was in that research facility."
"So, both you and your father were colluding with Yagiri Pharmaceuticals."
"Your father was probably the one who stole my head!"
"Yet you hid that from me and cut up a dying girl."
"I may be a monster, but chewing up and spitting out humans makes you the real monster."
Am I right?
Oh yeah, I'll say this in advance to clear up any misunderstandings.
I neither know nor care whether my father was the one who stole your head.
And the girl wanted us to perform that minor surgery on her.
Those Yagiri people may have guided her towards that decision.
But that's none of my business.
"Can you understand what I'm thinking?"
Yes, I can.
I've loved you for twenty years.
Of course I'd understand something like this.
Why now...?!
Why'd you keep quiet about the location of my head?!
Because I love you.
That's why I kept quiet about it.
You'd go off somewhere if you found it.
I couldn't bear that.
I won't say I'll give up so you can be happy.
Our love for each other is at stake in this fight.
I won't ever let you go.
To make sure I don't, I'll exploit others' love, their deaths, myself, and—this may sound contradictory—but even your feelings.
Even if I get my head back, I wouldn't ever think of leaving—
But even if that's what you think, your head might not.
I've been thinking.
Why did a faerie like you appear in front of humans in this world?
Maybe you were able to manifest yourself in this world precisely because you've lost your head.
Then maybe once your head is back in your hands and your memory returns, you'll fade from this world like a puff of smoke...
...as if everything that happened up until now was an illusion.
I'm afraid of that happening.
Will you believe what I say?
I believe in you.
Conversely, you're the only person I don't distrust.
I'm scared, too.
I'm afraid of dying.
I understand that there's no one here who can kill me.
I'm not boasting.
I accept it as a simple fact.
There's no joy or feeling in my acceptance of it.
But—or maybe because of that—I'm scared.
There's no core inside of me that controls my death.
My head itself is that nucleus.
If someone were to destroy that core...
Then, regardless of my will or situation...
Would you believe...
I have nightmares even though I don't have eyes or a brain?
Would you believe in someone who trembles in fear at the nightmares she sees?
I've been afraid of that, so I've been searching for my head in order to control my will.
If I said that, would you believe me?
I said it, didn't I? You're the only one I believe in.
I'm at a complete loss.
We're so stubborn that we never leave the realm of speculation.
We're idiots.
Yep.
Hey, Shinra.
What?
Let me punch you once.
Okay.
Alright, now let me punch you.
See, you're most beautiful when you're honest with yourself.
That punch was a substitute for our wedding kiss.
Right?
Are you crying?
However, that's pretty amazing.
Yo, Izaya.
Oh, Dotachin. Long time no see.
Stop calling me that.
By the way, do you know how The Dollars got its name?
Isn't it from, "Give me your dollars!" or something like that?
No, it's not.
It's because the organization basically doesn't do anything.
They're "The Dollars" because they lounge around going "dara dara."
That's how it is.
Dotachin, did you see that just now?
The black biker—
No way, was that real?
So it wasn't just some illusion...
Maybe it was some CG kind of thing.
That CG thing is in The Dollars, too, you know.
Amazing!
Is that true?
I'm honestly surprised.
I knew lots of people online claim to be in The Dollars.
However, I didn't realize so many people would come to an impromptu gathering.
Humans truly exceed my expectations.
It seems you have some dream about escaping everyday life, but life in Tokyo will become routine for you after six months or so.
Moreover, if you want to reach the non-everyday, you'll either have to move somewhere else or get into more "underground" things.
But once you step into that world, it'll only take about three days for that to seem normal, too.
If you truly want to continue escaping from everyday life, you've no other choice but to keep evolving.
No matter whether you're aiming higher or lower.
Enjoy everyday life!
Out of respect for you, I gave you Yagiri Namie's phone number for free, and I won't tell anyone you're the founder of The Dollars.
It's your organization.
Use it when you want to.
IIIzaaayaaa!
It's apparently time for our meeting to end.
Good luck, Tanaka Taro!
Wait, you bastard!
IIIzaaayaaa!
Eh? No way...
Eh?!
The next day, life returned to being astonishingly normal.
For him...
And him...
As well as the boy...
Hey, Mikado.
I saw on the Net that The Dollars had a get-together!
And apparently, Simon and Shizuo are in The Dollars as well!
Plus, I heard that the black biker has no head,
she drove down a wall,
pulled out a huge scythe,
everyone was like, "Bwaah,"
and it was amazing!
I don't get any of what you're saying.
And for them as well.
I don't love you.
But I can't forget my love for her when I'm looking at you.
So, I'll accept your love for me.
Until I can get her back.
Good evening.
Evenin'. I've been waiting.
Thanks.
I'm pretty tired today, so I'll be signing off early.
Oh, so you didn't get much sleep? Did you pull an all-nighter or something?
Yeah, kind of.
I guess Kanra isn't here yet.
Kanra...
...will come, right?
Uh, something just came up.
Oh, I see.
Sorry, but I've got to go.
See you.
Sorry to intrude on your fun.
It's an urgent job.
No problem.
And now, my everyday life is continuing on like it always has.
The fact that I bump into people I don't want to meet hasn't changed at all.
It seems the whole thing's been dispelled.
Well, ghosts are scary because they always sneak around, then appear out of nowhere, and you made quite the entrance.
No one will be afraid of you anymore.
Speaking of which, you didn't kill anyone, did you?
What's with that scythe?
Can it even cut?
Are you chasing that girl?
I can help out whenever you need me to.
Call me.
See you later.
I don't know where Yagiri Namie is.
But I don't care.
I am who I am, and there's nothing wrong with that.
The days continue like they always have.
They bring neither excessive desire nor despair.
Nothing's changed.
Yet I'm overwhelmed with a sense of fulfillment.
I'm right here.
You're over there.
If I'm your savior, then you're mine.
And so, the boy contemplated things.
He thought about what Orihara Izaya said.
Could the boy who yearned for an unbelievable reality continue to seek new ones for all eternity?
And would that eternity end up becoming normal for him?
I'm sorry for everything I did.
Thanks.
Hey, that's my seat!
Oh, it says you're right behind the class rep.
Huh? What's with you?
You just come out of nowhere and sit by Kitakawa...
She would never be able to interact with Harima Mika the same way ever again.
Whether or not that's a good thing is something only she herself knows.
But, is that true?
Maybe people don't really understand themselves.
All they can do is keep evolving.
That man's words echoed throughout the classroom.
After doing something so bold, he thought he could do anything.
He never thought for a split second...
That it would take so much courage to ask out a girl from his class.
Time remaining until he reaches the girl: thirty seconds.
Time remaining until he finds his friend hitting on the girl: thirty-five seconds.
Time remaining until he delivers a powerful kick to his friend: forty-five seconds.
Time remaining until she turns down his offer of tea: seventy-five seconds.
Time remaining until he invites her to eat lunch with him on the roof: seventy-eight seconds.
Time remaining until he falls in love with her:...
Time remaining until he confesses to her:...
But you did something idiotic, too.
You threw it all away for the sake of your brother's twisted love.
Or should I say, your twisted love for your brother?
Anyway, aren't you in trouble?
There's that merger with Nebula, right?
If word of this were to get out because of that...
The Mafia or a really skilled sniper might shoot you right between the eyes like, "Bam!"
Checkmate.
A cleaning crew?
Yeah, the way they always pick them up.
Understood.
Hello? Things have gotten a little more complicated.
Can you leave that room right now?
You can't have a double checkmate, can you?
I'm sure your uncle was just like me.
He believed in that world less than anyone, feared death more than anyone, and revered Heaven more than anyone.
But...
I'm sure of it.
That world does exist.
Let's leave it at that.
They say that all dullahans are female.
Do you know why that is?
No.
One of my subordinates was researching that for a while, but since I deemed it pointless...
A rationalist, I see.
Well, that aside...
There's this heaven—although it's technically not a heaven—called Valhalla.
In Scandanavian legend there are female angels clad in armor called valkyries who take the souls of brave soldiers to Valhalla.
Women who greet the dead...
Does that story sound familiar?
There's a theory that dullahans are the forms of valkyries wandering the Earth.
If that's so...
She must be waiting...
For her awakening, for battles...
All to search for sacred soldiers to admit into Valhalla.
Even though it's alive, it hasn't awakened because this isn't a battlefield.
If I could, I'd like to be chosen as a soldier, too.
What should I do if Valhalla truly awaits one after death?
I doubt I could go to a war zone and prove myself there.
Then I'll have to make a war break out that only I can cause.
Right?
How lucky am I?
I don't believe in the afterlife, I live a life such that I'll never get into Heaven, yet I meet a fallen angel because of it.
No way...
That's all just speculation on your part.
Those who believe get saved.
Moreover, didn't I say this is just an insurance policy?
As long as I exist, I don't care whether I go to Hell or if there's only suffering there.
But, if I can, I'd rather go to Heaven.
Hey, Ms. Namie, let's all go to Heaven together.
As a member of The Dollars, I'll hold on to this.
It's difficult to see what's right in front of you.
There's no way Celty would ever guess that her head's part of the same group she belongs to.
That's right, you should join The Dollars, too.
Our boss likes to drag our new recruits into things.
Of course, I'm the one who's been doing most of the recruiting lately.
Let's make this fallen angel flap her wings.
Shall we?OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
Sign: Unrequited Love
She's being bullied. And in a totally clichéd way.
I'm turning right!
Well, why don't you tell us about thosehuman experiments you're helping to facilitate?
It was me. It was definitely me.
Where was I going?
I found you...my love.
Enough with the excuses. Or would you like to become a subject?
Just give up on your head. You're fine without it.
People always lose what's truly important to them, don't they?
Like the umbrella you just bought...
Even though you can always get a plastic one...
Forget about umbrellas; what about winning the lottery?
You tuck your ticket away for safe keeping then forget where you put it.
Then you find all this useless stuff when you look for it.
I feel like I always lose the important things...
Evenin'.
Is someone looking for something?
I sometimes think...
"While I'm sleeping here, isn't it awake over there?"
I feel like ever since my memory has become cloudy, so has my sense of time.
When did it start?
I don't even see my whole self in dreams anymore.
Here and there...
What can that part which isn't here see?
What is it looking at?
In a reoccurring dream I've had countless times...
I...try to find out.
Yet...
The dream is always the same...
Hm?
Celty! It's amazing!
Yesterday you said you aren't working today, right?
I just calculated it, and this is your first day off in 265 days!
That's a pretty unhappy expression.
He always reads my faceless facial expressions like this.
I heard that dreaming is a way for people to put their memories in order, but is that true?
What's with this out of the blue?
Why do people have dreams?
To answer that succinctly...I don't know.
There are still many things medical science hasn't shed light on, especially concerning this thing.
We do associate dreams with REM. It's widely known that we have dreams during rapid eye movement sleep...
He's a doctor. Or, to be more precise, a black-market doctor.
But I still don't know exactly what kind of work he does.
He lets me live here, and he's also the reason I can continue working as a courier.
Anyway, knowing what exactly memories are is also an issue.
Are you listening?
I'm thankful.
Moreover, I've recently started to understand that this is what attachment feels like.
But...
You believe that your memories are inside your head, but we don't know that for sure.
Of course they are!
That aside, you should get dressed!
We're heading out.
I'll take the day off, too.
See, I'll even turn off my cell phone.
I'll take out the modem, too. That way I definitely won't check my email!
Peace on Earth. Now we can concentrate on hanging out!
So, where should we go?
Should we ride your beloved horse to the sea?
Or should we go to a hot springs?
I don't want to go anywhere.
Why?
Since it's my day off, I want to make some food to thank you for always taking care of me.
Home cooking?!
What do you want to eat? I'll look up some recipes.
I'm overwhelmed with emotions, Celty!
What should we have?
Thanks so much for letting me borrow it.
This is a real help.
I slept in today, so...
Don't worry, young man.
It's about time you started feeling the strain of moving to Tokyo.
Actually, this is a great chance for you to get a girl!
Get close to the wonderful girl next to you and let her see your textbook.
And what's this? Is the "no necktie" thing on purpose?
That, too?
Are you okay?
You didn't also forget your wallet, did you?
I couldn't...
Huh? Wha?
Huh!?
It's good. It's Russian su—
Simon!
Have you seen Yuma-chi?
Oh, Karisawa, you want to eat sushi?
No, I haven't.
Not here, huh...
Today is the first day Dengeki's pocket edition of Accel World goes on sale.
The manager's feeling under the weather.
We went to buy some together, had tea, then said our goodbyes...
But he's alright. He took some medicine.
Then the maid at the café came running out to give me this cell phone.
But he couldn't go to the fish market today...
So there's nothing.
This is Yuma-chi's, so...
We're looking right now.
Eh? Then don't try to pull customers in!
Hello. Excuse me.
What are you looking for?
I said I'm—
Who are you?
"Things People Look For?"
Please write what you're looking for here.
Please tell me.
Are you going to be here the whole day?
I'm asking everybody.
My cell!
We're glad to have you back.
What am I looking for?
I'm just happy Kaztano's okay.
I made a promise with Karisawa and Yumasaki that we wouldn't go investigating.
Yagiri Pharmaceuticals...
There are rumors that it's involved with the Awakusu Association behind-the-scenes and has ties with the North American firm Nebula.
But I'm not going to find anything out by doing this.
Have you seen Karisawa?
I haven't.
I see.
How about some Russian sushi?
Celty! Just cut it with a normal knife...normally.
Delicious! Absolutely delicious!
Delicious.
Wait. Why're you crying?
Hm? I'm crying?
I'm just overcome with emotion.
It's all really wonderful.
This incredibly sweet burdock root, the bitterly salty taste of the miso soup...
Something's off.
No, your cooking is fresh and original, just like you!
That's not a compliment!
I get it. I failed to season it properly.
That's enough. You don't have to overdo it!
Overdo what? It's really good.
I said, "Don't eat it!"
What're you doing?!
What's going on with this?
You do have a talent for cooking, you know.
What's this? It doesn't even look like it has any watermelon cells.
What? Watermelon?
It's about your sense of taste.
The brain doesn't understand flavors that aren't embedded in your DNA.
Although, you don't have any need to eat, nor is your brain involved.
Don't be so down.
C'mon, let's play a game.
Don't treat me like a child.
That's what angers me the most.
I didn't mean it like that...
You've certainly taught me a lot, but I do have some vague memories from a hundred years ago.
My head should hold more...
Do you need memories from hundreds of years ago?
What do you mean?
I'm always saying it, aren't I?
That you're fine the way you are.
How would you know?!
I might not even remember my own face soon!
Wait! I was wrong!
Celty?!
You're home, aren't you?!
It's quite troublesome for us if we can't contact you in an emergency.
Is something wrong, Sonohara?
They're not here.
Not there?
What?!
What is it this time, Mikado?
Sonohara's shoes are...
Again?
How sinister...
I think I know who would do something like this.
Kida?
Alright.
W-Wait, Kida!
Kida's acting somehow different from usual and kind of scary, huh?
Really?
He was pretty energetic...
What a hassle, right?
I lost lots of stuff when I was little, and would always sniffle, "It's gone! It's gone!", while my mom would help me search.
You have a nice mother.
Yes, both my mom and dad are.
I'm okay.
I'm going to go home now.
Thanks for helping me search, Ryugamine.
Eh, uhh...
You don't have to bother with finding the culprit or anything, Kida.
No, Sonohara already left.
Eh? I don't know...
Me? I'm still searching for them, obviously...
Anyway, see you tomorrow.
There they are!
What am I doing?
Hey, something's off, right?
You can't remember, can you?
Vacant lots sure are strange.
When buildings go away, you tend to forget what was there.
Didn't that happen just a little while ago?
It was a pretty big one...
What am I doing?
I get mad when Shinra tells me to give up searching for my head.
But I work, I know people I could call friends...
Do I plan on becoming human?
Do you have some business with me?
I remember! There was a tall, thin, blue building here.
Ah, that old thing?
A woman used to sell cigarettes on the first floor.
That's a courier for you.
I definitely...feel my head's presence in this city, but...
Hello. Good afternoon.
Me?
I'm looking...for beautiful Japanese.
Please tell me what you're searching for with all your heart.
Um, can I see it?
Okay!
I wonder if she found him.
I've been looking for lots of things today.
I found some...but not others...
His bag wasn't there, so I thought he was at work.
But...
I felt like something was different...
Fireworks?
Yeah, he was on a rampage.
It took a few people to finally get him here.
All this from some fireworks...?
You sure have some rough employees.
It's such a pain.
He made the odd accusation that his girlfriend had been abducted...
And this was the only place she remembered.
He was screaming, "Tell me what you did to her!"
It's the truth, not just an accusation, isn't it?
You'll make sure he won't remember anything about our company once he wakes up, won't you, doctor?
There's no convenient way to erase someone's memory.
Moreover, I'll still remember him.
We'll send him on his way.
Although I don't know whether he'll make it home or not.
Doctor, the director and I place our trust in you.
And we're keeping your secret about "that."
Oh, that's right. It seems you're living with a rather eccentric person.
At the time, I'd forgotten.
About my head, about my hundreds of years of memories as a dullahan...
I wasn't thinking about anything.
I was just...just...
Hey, could you keep me company?
They won't complain if I order enough for two people.
I know a good place.
Please, Celty.
Eating by myself...is so lonely.
What's this strange and mysterious food?!
Fried Chicken Sushi, Cheese Sushi, Sichuan-style Sushi, Borscht Sushi, and this is Sour Cream Sushi.
You don't have to make those into sushi!
What're you saying?
It's a special set. It's really cheap!
And a fortune cookie for dessert, huh?
Jeez...
There's a piece of paper inside with your fortune on it.
It's basically fortunetelling.
Here, I'll break them open.
This one's yours.
Show me.
It means you'll find what you're looking for.
Well, as long as you're happy...
I'm so happy, Shinra!
What's yours say?
Apparently there wasn't one inside...
I...can't shed tears.
When I'm sad here...
Will it shed tears over there?
Thank you.
It's okay if it doesn't.
It's alright if it just smiles.
What's wrong?
You're afraid again.
No one is here. It's just the two of us.
Are you...about to remember something?
You don't have to.
I've told you, haven't I?
I don't need your past or your future.
The present you is fine with me.
We'll be together forever.
I love you, Celty.
That night...
For the first time in a long time...
I had a dream of when I was whole.
I'm right here.
Right here.
My love is different.
It's different from the love where all you do is covet and fawn on people.
It's more complete.
Next Time: Inseparable Love.
The person Seiji needs is me.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
Where'd Masaomi go?
He went on ahead. He said he had something to do.
The higher the flames rise—
We're done, finished!
You only did what you thought was right, didn't you?
This is from the Dollars' leader, isn't it?
And if the Dollars are behind this, then...we'll crush the Dollars.
This way!
You go that way! Block off the entrance!
Why...?
Why is Kida...?
The girl ran...
...to escape the shadow that was chasing her.
She just wanted to know...
...the truth.
What a pain.
Where'd that brat go?
We won't let her get away.
Why is Kida...?
She couldn't feel anything else.
Why...?
The shock from what she had just seen was the only thing resonating throughout her body.
You must be happy that you're being released sooner than predicted.
Thank you very much.
I really appreciate what you've done for me.
Here.
Thanks.
The Slasher incidents suddenly ceased after that night, and the city's peace was restored.
And Sonohara Anri's uneventful everyday life should have returned to her as well.
Sonohara!
Great! I made it in time!
I got held up by class committee stuff...
Ryugamine...
I heard you're going to start attending school again tomorrow, so you're okay?
Yes, I'm all better now.
Oh, I'll take your bags.
N-No...I'm fine...
Let him take them!
Mikado ran his heart out so he could hold those bags for you.
Anri, how much do you think I had to listen to this today?
"Sonohara's getting discharged today!"
"Will she be able to come to school tomorrow?"
"Anri's so erotically cute."
I didn't say that last part!
Um...thank you for coming to visit me so often, Kida and Ryugamine.
It's no big deal...
By the way, Masaomi, you just came out from the hospital, didn't you?
Ah, yeah...
I must've just missed her on my way in.
Hmm.
Oh yeah, Sonohara.
Here are my notes for the time you've been absent.
If you're okay with using mine, I'll let you borrow them.
My handwriting's pretty bad, so they might be a bit hard to read, but...
If that's okay, feel free to use them.
Oh, just a second.
I know I brought this one today...
Kida seems...somehow different.
She felt vaguely discomforted by him...
Ever since he first visited her in the hospital.
There. That should do it.
Kida...?
Anri...
What...happened?
Um, it's nothing, really.
The Slasher kind of...
Oh, but it's really nothing at all.
Sorry, something just came up.
I guess I'll have to let Prince Mikado do the honors of escorting the princess back home.
You won't get another chance like this for a hundred years!
See you.
Oh... See you tomorrow!
And so, an unknown feeling of insecurity enveloped her.
Don't do anything until I get there!
Got it?!
A lot of people have joined the Yellow Scarves recently, huh?
That's very true.
They stand out much more than the Dollars, since you can tell who they are.
That gang had been around for a while,
but it seems like they've changed somehow.
They've changed?
I can't really put my finger on it,
but they're different from how they used to be...
Somehow...
I feel like they've become more violent.
Oh, good evening, Saika.
Good evening.
Welcome.
Good...evening.
Um, I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
You weren't familiar with the Internet before,
so you got a virus and that's how everything happened, right?
You can't help that.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
You're apologizing too much.
By the way, Saika, do you know of a gang called the Yellow Scarves?
You mean the people who wear yellow cloth around the city?
Yeah, that's them.
There's also another group that's a lot like them called the Dollars.
Due to the Slasher incidents, both of those groups...
...are in pretty dire straights right now.
Um...
What do you mean by that?
Give it a rest, Kanra.
Don't bring up that stuff with someone who doesn't know anything bout it.
No,
you have to know this stuff if you live in Ikebukuro!
The perpetrator in the Slasher case has yet to be caught, right?
Anyway, both the Yellow Scarves and the Dollars have had their members fall victim to the Slasher.
Apparently, they both think that the Slasher is in league with the other gang.
The Dollars don't seem so hung up on that idea...
They don't know much about each other, so I'm sure that breeds misunderstandings.
Either way, if neither of them take matters into their own hands with the Slasher, blood will rain down upon Ikebukuro.
It'll be really scary...
Now that's a real rivalry!
You don't have anything to worry about, Anri.
Those gangs are running amuck of their own accord.
You're not the real perpetrator, so it doesn't matter if you come forward or not.
Don't be hasty.
The police are really scary now.
They truly are scary.
They really are!
Especially the traffic cops!
Thank you so much.
Huh?! Oh, right...
I'll teach you about private conversations later.
Um, excuse me, but this is it for me today.
Oh, okay.
See you around, Saika.
'Night.
See you.
Alright, I guess I'll be logging off, too.
See you later.
See you around.
Kanra...
About the Slasher incidents...
I'll let you know if I find anything out.
At a bargain price, that is.
The real perpetrator has to be somewhere in this city.
The sooner he's caught, the sooner the Yellow Scarves and the Dollars can clear up their misunderstandings.
I wonder if it'll really be that easy.
Neither the Yellow Scarves nor the Dollars are completely cohesive groups.
There'll be some people who shake down members of the other group in the name of that rivalry.
It'll simply turn into a real conflict if things keep going like this.
I won't let that happen.
I wonder...
I don't think you can stop it anymore.
And there's nothing you can do about the Yellow Scarves.
Even so, I won't let it happen.
Hmm. I'm looking forward to that.
"I have to do something,"
thought the girl who houses an ethereal sword inside her body.
"I have to do something,"
thought the girl who'd only seen the world through a picture frame.
However...
...the boy who'd passed through that window and had visited her world was already restrained...
...by the heavy yoke of his own past.
He could no longer escape.
Hello?
I see.
Got it.
I'll be right there.
Sorry! Something just came up with my friend!
Oh, really?
If you want to hate someone, hate my friend to your heart's content!
Hate doesn't cost anything, and it doesn't cause me any harm!
It's a perfect "two birds with one stone," it's "many wives for one man!"
"Many wives for one man?"
See you tomorrow!
I wonder if it's really that important?
Don't you think Kida's been acting strange lately?
Really?
You're sure it's not all in your head?
Um...sorry.
I have some business to attend to.
See you.
Did you hear that some of the Dollars were shaken down by the Yellow Scarves?
Apparently, they were beaten to within an inch of their lives.
The Yellow Scarves are the ones saying that the Slasher is part of the Dollars, aren't they?
The boy who leads the Dollars knew that things couldn't go on like this.
However, he didn't yet know that he was being used like a pawn on a chessboard.
Customers, eat sushi!
Sushi is the heart of Japan.
It's enka!
I wonder if it's true that he does a Cossack dance when you order take-out?
Come to think of it, he was on a delivery when he followed those kids last night.
If you swing that rod, I'm going to turn you into sushi.
Human sushi... Ooh, it hurts and it tastes bad.
Luck sure doesn't last very long.
Hm?
Man, those clouds look ominous...
Does anyone know anything about the Dollars or the Yellow Scarves?
Anyone...?
Our boss is Kida Masaomi.
I've seen him with you, mother.
He said he was going to get revenge on your enemy, mother.
That's...
Of course she couldn't believe it.
However, her children are unable to lie to her.
Where's Kida...?
He's going to a meeting today.
Please take me to that meeting.
And so...
...she found out everything.
Kida is...
Is it in the back there?
If she doesn't run...
It's easy.
I'll love everyone.
Why is Kida...?
I'll slash open those yellow children and love them, too.
What will happen to her?
I'll love them in your stead, since you can't.
I don't...want to hurt anyone!
The boy would find out that she's a monster.
She trembled in fear.
It's too narrow.
I'll go.
Kida?!
Help me!
Someone, please help me!
Hey! It's that thing...
And, standing there in the rain...
...was the female dullahan.
The only thing the trapped girl could do was ask for help from someone like her who wasn't supposed to exist in this world.
It scaled the wall with her bike!
I can believe that.
It's going to make a move!
...Are you serious...?
Celty!
I'll explain later.
We're getting out of here. Hop on the back.
O-Okay!
Th-Thank you very much.
Hold on tight.
I've seen you around for a while,
that suit seems a little tight for a guy.
I don't care if you're a guy, but I could love you just for the suit if you're a girl.
They do say, "love the Buddha, love his clothes."
This is the guy who's always with Mikado and Anri...
Oh, I see...
She doesn't want him to see her face.
I don't understand the situation, but I'll do it.
What?
Damn!
You monster!
Don't!
They knew one of them had to be the legendary headless horseman.
The fragments of information they knew came together in an instant.
The intruder wielded a sword like that of the Slasher.
And the black biker had come to save her.
There were also rumors that the black biker was part of the Dollars.
They all arrived at the same conclusion:
the Slasher is part of the Dollars.
The boy didn't know whether or not that conclusion was correct.
But what he did know was that no matter how much he thought about it,
he wouldn't be able to restrain those who had witnessed this incident.
Hey...
Do you know about dullahans?
Huh? Umm... No, I don't.
They visit the homes of those who're about to die.
They're headless knights who ride headless horses.
Well, I guess they're like the Grim Reaper.
The boy suddenly thought:
"Someone amongst us may die..."
Why...do I want to see Saki at a time like this?
"The blue dynasty is dead."
"The sky has fallen."
That was the slogan that a certain yellow flag-toting group used in the Annals of the Three Kingdoms.
It certainly isn't very blue.
Well, it's not very yellow, either.
Gooood evenin'.
Are you the only one here, Taro?
Good evening.
It looks like it.
Starting right off with a private conversation, are we?
There's something I wanted to ask you.
Um, have the Yellow Scarves always been in Ikebukuro?
They started up about three years ago.
At first, they were fairly docile.
The boy who leads the Dollars learned about the heated rivalry between the Blue Squares and the Yellow Scarves.
He remained unaware of the fact that his best friend's former girlfriend was a casualty of that conflict...
...and that the man who was answering his questions controlled the mind of that girl,
as well as left an incurable wound on his best friend.
...So, only the Yellow Scarves survived—
However, the Blue Squares didn't die.
What do you mean?
The leader of the Yellow Scarves got tired of fighting,
and after he left,
they joined the Yellow Scarves.
You mean they merged?
To put it simply, yes.
I'm sure neither gang—outside of their respective leaders—cared enough to find out where people came from.
After they threw off their blue uniforms,
They'd get the OK just for saying, "I want to be in the Yellow Scarves."
But what about the leader who quit?
He probably doesn't know...
...that the guys who sent his girlfriend to the hospital are now hanging with his old friends.
You should be careful, too.
Apparently, there are some guys who are in both the Dollars and the Yellow Scarves.
And if I spread the word that we had no part in this, then they'll be likely to pass it on to the Yellow Scarves.
If it truly isn't the work of the Dollars, that is.
The Dollars don't have any rules, and it's not like you control everyone's actions.
While you weren't looking...
...some member of the Dollars...
...could have become the Slasher.
In other words, that's the Dollars' system.
As long as you're planning to come over to this side...
You'd best be prepared.
I'll take that to heart.
'Morning.
'Morning!
Good morning.
What's up? You don't sound too good.
Maybe you haven't fully recovered...?
No, that's not it.
'Morning.
Oh, 'morning.
Oh yeah, I just met Kida at the station and he said he's not coming to school today.
Eh? Why?
I don't know. He didn't tell me.
I see.
See you.
Oh... Thanks!
You can't run from the past, Masaomi.
You're worrying about something to do with that past, aren't you?
If you can't run from it, then you should just face it head on and beat it.
If I could settle everything with your past too, just by fighting it...
I'd love to.
Why can't you?
There's no way I could fight you, Saki.
He simply wanted a place where he belonged.
Every time he talked with his childhood friend about his new home,
he'd feel uneasy about his existence, which was draped in hand-me-downs from the city.
He now understood...
...that amongst the Yellow Scarves, the place where he belonged...
...was with a single person named Mikajima Saki.
And now, his motivation springs from having found a new place with an important friend.
Man, it's raining again...
Kadota...
You went back?
Yes.
I'm here, so I have.
Some great person once said, "The world is a construct of the mind."
Some great person once said, "The world is a symbol."
A detestable past is the product of your imagination.
That reality never existed.
Isn't that good enough?
Next Time: The Yellow Dynasty Shall Rise.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
I think this development has to be a sign that Biribiri's going to be the heroine!
You're...
Help me!
Are you telling me you'd separate it from its body for your own sake?
I have to see her, no matter what!
They're probably from Yagiri Pharmaceuticals.
It's okay. Leave everything to your sister.
Honestly, I half-assumed he was.
This evening, the ball's in my court.
I have to go.
I have to go get her back.
My sister can't do it.
It has to be...
It has to be me.
She wasn't there?
Yes.
The underlings said that she'd already left by the time they arrived.
You said the student who rents that room is Ryugamine, didn't you?
What about him?
They asked him some questions when he returned, and they were going to bring him back should it come to that...
However, it seemed he had some friends with him...
His friends should have just come as well.
You're useless.
What shall we do?
Hello?
Is this Ms. Yagiri Namie?
Who might you be?
My name is...Ryugamine Mikado.
Shall we make a deal?
I'm hungry.
My...
Welcome, welcome!
Russian sushi?
It's good.
It's cheap!
"What is life?"
Hi, mister.
"What do people live for?"
Are you hungry?
We have some good ingredients today.
Or so someone asked me, and I beat him to within an inch of his life.
Oh yeah, it won't make you sick.
I see.
It might be different if he were some middle school dreamer, but it should be a crime for an adult yakuza to say that, right?
I see.
Hey, Simon...you don't get what I'm saying, do you?
Yeah, you're right.
Have I changed?
I've lived in this town...
For twenty years...
They haven't been in vain.
Those twenty years you've lived here haven't been in vain.
Nothing will be in vain as long as you make use of them during the rest of your life.
Make use of them?
How am I supposed to do that?!
For example...
You could marry me.
Shinra...
Are you Mikado?
You look much more docile than I'd imagined.
Or maybe that's the kind of kid you have to look out for these days?
Anyway, what's this deal you mentioned?
I have the person you've been looking for.
I see.
How much do you want?
I don't need any money.
Then what do you want?
The truth.
What did you just say?
I want you to admit what your brother did to Harima Mika...
...and what you two did to her body.
Sadly enough, I only have circumstantial evidence...
So I'll be straight with you.
Turn yourself in.
I see. That's the type of person you are.
Hm?
I won't forgive anyone who gets in the way of my brother.
I won't have it!
Anyone who gets in my brother's way...shouldn't exist.
I see.
That's how...this person is.
Hey, tell me.
Where's my sister?
I have to go.
The girl needs me.
I have to be with her!
Hey, tell me!
That's the reason?
That's the reason someone had to die and have her body used that way?!
They're even targeting me...!
That's the reason you killed someone?
Are you trying to make Yagiri miserable with your complacence?!
What're you saying?
If that's all you can say after growing up and stepping out into this world, then shut that unpleasant mouth of yours.
It's okay.
I may be sugar-coating things...
But so what if I am?!
Aren't you the one who can't understand that you should repent for killing someone?!
You watch too many dramas.
Those are just promises and Leibniz's pre-established harmony; we live in reality.
This isn't some epic poem.
This'll work, right?
You're no hero, either.
Know your place!
What's so bad about all that?!
Pre-established harmony, promises, and opportunism?!
I love forced happy endings!
What's so bad about wanting to have one?!
I won't say it's for the sake of humanity or the world...
I just want to see one!
I want to believe in them!
That's right. I believe.
I believe!
That everyone...definitely will...
It may be a trite idea...
But the fact that it's trite means everybody's thinking about it that much!
Is that all you wanted to say?
I have neither the power nor the knowledge to challenge someone who doesn't understand reason.
I don't even have the time to try.
That's why...
I'm relying on numbers!
What?!
That's amazing!
They're all part of this, right?
It's awesome!
It's like one of the paranormal phenomena in "Missing!"
Sir, you have mail. Sir, you have mail.
Would you like to try dying once?
We got it!
Are you serious?
Well then...
Togusa, I'm counting on you.
Yeah.
Let's do this.
Just how many of them are there?
Wow, I can't believe this many people showed up for our first gathering!
These are...
The Dollars?!
Hey, Isaac!
What is it, Miria?
Are these people also part of The Dollars?
Yeah, that's right, Miria!
Alright now, listen up.
We're part of the most "now," the youngest, and the most talked-about—
What is this?
They couldn't all be...?!
No way. No way!
Look! It's a franchise!
But we've only just met!
Amazing!
The sky over my hometown was clear and vast.
But...
It was also empty.
When I was a kid, this town was filled with adventure.
When did it all change?
I wanted to change something.
But I had neither the will nor a reason to leave.
That's when it happened.
Twice...twice...
Various worlds unfolded for me there.
Worlds that I didn't know and couldn't reach...
I was able to talk with Kida again, even though he'd moved to Tokyo.
I made new friends as well.
One day, I suddenly thought of something.
At first, it was only a simple joke.
A group?
Yeah.
I heard there are a bunch of different groups in Tokyo.
You mean make a group on the Internet?
No, we'd actually...make one in real life.
It'd be based in Ikebukuro and we'd spread rumors about it online.
We wouldn't tell people we were in The Dollars.
We'd just say we heard about them from someone else, and get our name out that way.
I even made a group site.
It was secured by a password.
We leaked the password via email and different message boards.
We fabricated a lot of member posts on message boards, too.
Of course, there were lots of people who didn't believe us.
But then, others started standing up for us...
And everyone was happy.
Seriously?!
Everyone believes it!
These people are idiots!
I did have a bad feeling about this.
People in real life started calling themselves Dollars.
That wasn't all.
The number of members kept increasing while we weren't paying attention.
Even though we'd stopped giving out the password...
It was like someone somewhere...
Was giving out the information.
Is everyone watching?
Heeeey!
They may have gotten scared...
But the people I created The Dollars with disappeared.
Yet I didn't quit.
No, I couldn't quit.
Even I don't know why, but...
That's not true.
There may be some bad people here.
However, there should be tons of people who aren't.
All we have to do is make The Dollars into a good group, right?
We could do things that will get rid of our bad reputation.
Like pick up trash around town or erase graffiti...
And so, the residents are quite perplexed.
The graffiti on this wall was definitely here yesterday...
As you can see, it is now completely gone.
It seems unlikely that one person could have erased...
...this graffiti that took many people to paint it...
It couldn't be...
I left for Tokyo on Kida's invitation.
And there...
The Dollars?
I don't know much about them, either.
Anyway, it seems there are lots of them and they all have short tempers.
They're apparently a gang, but no one knows what color they are.
Don't approach them just out of curiosity.
Don't be unnecessarily inquisitive.
But the strongest people in town now are The Dollars, right?
So, what kind of group are these Dollars?
If I had to say, I guess they're "clearly colorless."
The Dollars? I know them.
Because I am one.
I got a girlfriend by joining The Dollars!
They write stupid stuff on message boards—
Someone always replies to your posts.
At this age, you can't form relationships with anybody outside of work.
Have you heard? The Dollars saved some people from human traffickers!
The Dollars are the strongest!
Not really. It's fun; isn't that enough?
This is much more fun than I thought it'd be.
This is fun, isn't it?
What?
What's going on?
Who are these people?!
Hey, where do you think The Dollars' founder is from?
Is there an Arabian oil tycoon here?
Doesn't look like it.
The person who sent us that response is the true founder of The Dollars, right?
Uhh...or so I've heard...
Togusa, the light's red!
It's red! It's red!
The quiet type, huh?
Dotachin, Dotachin!
I told you not to call me that.
Someone responded to my post on The Dollars' message board.
Everything's in order.
I'll let you meet her.
In return, I'd like for you to cooperate with me as well.
Celty.
He's not here.
What're you spacing out for?!
Start looking for him!
Yes, ma'am. Move it!
Where'd he go?
Shit. Move it!
Out of my way.
I've had it!
Who said that?
I have no head!
I'm a monster!
I don't have a mouth with which to talk, or even eyes with which to communicate my passion to others!
Do you hear something?
Where's it coming from?
So what if I don't?!
So what if I don't?!
Celty...
I'm right here.
I definitely exist here.
Who the hell are you?!
You're—
Since I have no eyes, I'll show you all what I really am!
Die!
Listen as much as you want to the screams of those who've seen a monster!
The...the headless rider...
The headless rider.
Who?
The headless rider?
I'm here.
I'm right here.
I'm right here!
I'm already crying out...crying out that...!
"I've been born right here and now!"
All so my existence can be etched upon this city!
So you're Ryugamine Mikado?
Celty...
Give Celty back to me!
That's right.
I found out a single truth in this town.
I'd been looking for something too common, too easy to find.
That boy will probably once again...
Next Time: Everything's Relative.OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
I still think it's mysterious even now...
...but I also get the feeling it's not.
Anyway, it was something that changed my life.
And yet, it seems like nothing's changed at all.
It was something very, very strange,
and, at the same time, something everyone experiences.
It all happened here in Ikebukuro.
I-I-I-I'm so...rry.
I want to go back home.
Please, don't laugh.
See you!
It was a really great trip!
I was absent for both my elementary and middle school field trips, so I've never left my hometown.
Now, at fifteen years old, I'm in Tokyo for the first time ever and I'm confused.
That's me, Ryugamine Mikado.
So, why am I darting my eyes around near the gates for Tobu Railway's Tojo line?
That's because I'll be attending Raira Academy in East Ikebukuro starting this April.
The school's not that prestigious, but it's beautiful and has great facilities.
Anyway, what really persuaded me to come here was that my best friend from elementary school wanted me to.
My parents wanted me to go to a local public school, but I've always wanted to go to Tokyo.
Mikado!
Huh?
Kida?
Is that a question?
Then I'll happily answer it.
Pick from one of three choices.
Number one: Kida Masaomi.
Number two: Kida Masaomi.
Number three: Kida Masaomi!
No way! That's really you, Kida?
You're going to ignore a joke I've been working on for three years?
Long time no see, man!
You've changed so much I couldn't tell it was you.
I didn't think you'd dye your hair.
Oh, and that joke was pretty bad.
Well, it's been four years.
Anyway, you haven't changed since elementary school, Mikado.
And don't just casually tell me my jokes suck.
Yep, this is my best friend Kida Masaomi.
I hadn't seen him since he transfered out of my elementary school, but other than his appearance, he hasn't changed a bit.
Alright, let's go.
Let's get above ground.
I'm in an unmistakably "go west" type of mood.
I'll trick you by faking going to the west exit and really take you to the Seibu one...
His jokes aren't very good, but he's a great guy.
I don't feel very distant from Kida since we chat online every day.
But after reuniting four years later, it's obvious we grew up in different towns.
However, he's the same as he's always been, bad jokes included.
Is there anywhere in particular you want to go?
Umm...
How about Sunshine 60...?
Already?
If you want to go there, we should at least bring one girl with us.
T-Then, how about the Ikebukuro West Gate Park?
Just call it "West Gate Park."
Huh? But don't all Ikebukuroers call it...
What're these "Ikebukuroers" you speak of?
Hm? What, you want to go there?
Uh, w-w-w-wait!
Let's not go.
It's already night!
We'll be killed by a gang or something!
You're seriously going to have a bad time if you keep acting like that.
Besides, it's only six.
Man, you're still as cowardly as ever.
Good Evening.
'Evening.
Ah, Setton.
Actually, I'm going to live in Ikebukuro starting tomorrow.
Whoa, nice.
You might move to my neighborhood.
Yeah, I might.
I'm still signing on from my parents' house,
but starting tomorrow I'll be logging in from an apartment near Sunshine.
Welcome to Ikebukuro.
Amazing...
This world I've only seen on the Internet and in comics is finally right in front of me.
This is cooler than Kamizakura-machi Ginza.
Then I'll take you to Shibuya sometime.
Or, if crowds of people amaze you, I can take you to a horse race.
Gang activity is down recently, too.
They were all over the place last year, but they got into a fight with some Saitama guys and a bunch of people got arrested.
Also, the cops started cracking down on any group where everyone wore the same colors.
Does that mean Ikebukuro's safe now?
Well, I've only heard things second-hand, so I don't really know.
There are tons of other dangerous people around, so be careful.
I see...
Anyway, this is 60th street, also known as Sunshine Street.
Maybe it really was called Sunshine Street first.
I-I'm sorry!
It's Kida.
Ah, if it isn't Karisawa and Imazaki.
Hello.
Yeah, it's been a while.
Yo.
How are you, Kida?
Long time no see!
Who's the guy with you? A friend?
Yes, he's a childhood friend. He just moved here today.
Huh, I see.
Her name's Karisawa.
He's Yumasaki,
And over there are Kadota and Togusa.
Uh, umm...my name is Ryugamine Mikado.
Did I say something I shouldn't have?
Is that a psuedonym?
Why would a high schooler use a psuedonym?
Ah, maybe he's on the radio or in magazines.
No, uhh...it's my real name.
No way, that's your name?!
Awesome! That's so cool!
It's like the name of a protagonist in some comic!
C'mon, you're embarrassing him.
What should I do? I can't keep up with their conversation.
Are you on your way back from shopping?
Right.
Dengeki released some new pocket editions, so we bought about thirty in all.
Dengeki releases that many books in a month?
No, of course not.
We both bought one of each series.
And then...well, we bought ten for various reasons.
Various, indeed.
What do they mean by "various reasons"?
Do they mean like, one to preserve, one to resell, another to read, and such?
Well, we better get going.
See you again soon.
Alright, see you.
We should put this thing in head-first.
See you.
Hey, don't ram that into the car!
They're all pretty weird, but once you get to know them they're really nice.
Hmmm...so you also hang out with people like that, Kida?
Well, I know a lot of different people.
So I know lots of good shops, where to find cheap second-hand clothing...
All this while I was holed up in my hometown.
If you know enough about lots of different things, you can make conversation with almost any girl.
How vulgar.
I told you already.
Are you sure that's her?
She matches the description you gave me exactly from head to toe.
Roger.
Let's go.
Okay.
Make sure to put enough in.
If she doesn't wake up, she's going to be worth a lot less.
She's a teenage girl, so we'll get fifty percent more than usual.
More like twenty percent.
We haven't had a teenage girl in a long time.
Yeah, thanks to the info we got.
Good evening.
Kanra!
You're online?!
I had to take a call.
Ah.
I just finished reading the log. You're coming to Tokyo?
Congratulations.
Can we meet offline sometime?
That sounds good to me.
Totally.
Ah, speaking of offline meetings...
Lots of people meet offline to commit suicide, right?
Yeah, it was popular for a while.
They'd meet online, then make a suicide pact...
What an unpleasant topic.
But those kinds of stories haven't made the news lately, have they?
People might have failed to kill themselves...
Or there might still be lots of incidents,
but no one's noticed they're still happening.
Maybe no bodies have been found...
Uhh...
That's inappropriate.
Speaking of which, there have been lots of missing persons cases recently...
Huh?
Like they made the news?
Umm...
Most of them have been illegal aliens...
...or kids who've run away from home...
But apparently many of them occur between Ikebukuro and Shibuya.
Excuse me.
Yes...?
Are you Miss Magenta?
Yes, I am.
Are you Mr. Nakura?
Great! I knew it was you.
Nice to meet you.
Please take care of me.
It's nice to meet you as well.
Let's go.
Okay...
It's right this way.
Two people should be there already.
Ah.
That's it.
Hello.
Hello.
Are we in the clear?
No one's around.
Well then, sorry to deceive you!
You're in a place like this by yourself?
Kida continued talking without a single pause.
I was starting to get tired.
I didn't know whether I was tired from all the walking or from having to keep up with his jokes, but it was probably a bit of both.
Y-Yeah, me too...
Right now I feel like I've only talked about 5/400ths of what I've been thinking!
And 4/400ths of that was used up on Karisawa and her friend.
Just as I was debating whether or not to play along with his joke, it appeared before my eyes.
Hey, missy, long time no see.
A black guy dressed as a chef was passing out flyers to customers...
No, a huge black guy was dressed as a chef...
No, some guy dressed as a chef was handing out flyers and happened to be black...
Long time no see, mister.
Hey, Simon! It's been forever!
Ah, Kida.
You want to eat some sushi?
It's good.
I'll give you a discount.
Sushi's good.
Forgive me, I don't have much money on me.
I'll eat here once I get paid, so make sure to give me the discount then.
No, that's no good!
If you do that, I'll disappear into the seaweed plains of Russia!
Seaweed on land, huh?
See you.
Long time no see, mister.
Do you know him, too?
Yeah, that's Simon.
He's a Russian of African descent, and he works for that sushi place owned by a Russian.
Uh, sorry. What part of that is the joke?
No, I'm serious.
His name's really Semyon, but everyone just says it like the English "Simon".
Oh, hey, mister...
I don't know too much about him, but apparently his parents are seeking asylum here or something.
And now that a Russian's started a sushi bar, he's been working to pull customers in.
Don't get on his bad side, okay?
One time he broke up a fight by lifting up a guy his size with just one hand.
Oh, and one more guy you shouldn't make an enemy of is—
Huh? What's that?
Ah, speak of the devil.
Anyway, don't go near Heiwajima Shizuo.
If you just go about your business, you'll probably never run into him.
W-What sort of person could he be?
Aw, they're still not here.
That's weird.
The higher ups are horrible at this.
They need to get their act together.
Whatever. We've got time.
You're right.
Sometimes you just need to take a break, eh?
You need some time to cool down when you lead messed up lives like we do.
Oh yeah, I saw it today.
The black bike.
A black bike?
Yeah...
You don't know about it?
Everyone in Shinjuku and Ikebukuro is talking about it.
It used to be considered something of an urban legend, but recently lots of people have taken pictures of it...
Oh yeah, I heard about that.
Isn't it just some normal biker gang?
Although it's not like there are lots of them who get together and ride in a convoy.
It's idiotic enough to ride around on a bike without headlights.
At least, if would be for a human...
What do you mean by that?
Um, well...to tell you the truth,
it's kind of like a monster.
Hey.
Um, are you one of the higher ups?
There's no way they'd look like that.
Then who is it?
You're being pretty rude, don't you think?
We're in the middle of something...
If you're going to interfere, do us a favor and die!
N-No way!
Oh shit!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Stop! Stop it! Stop it!
And that's why I told you to stop it.
This is bad...
This is bad!
Really bad!
W-What is that?
What the hell is that?!
What do you mean by "monster"?
Dotachin says he's the grim reaper.
Dotachin?
Who's Dotachin?
Anyway, about the guy who rides the black bike...
You're not going to tell me about Dotachin?
Damn it!
You're roadkill now, you piece of shit.
Huh?
He doesn't have a head.
His head...
...seems to move fine even though it's completely gone.
H-Hey, what the hell are you?
Wh...What the hell are you?!
Hey, are there any other people I shouldn't go near?
Hmmm, gangs or the yakuza go without saying, but there is a guy named Orihara Izaya.
Orihara Izaya?
What a weird name.
You're one to talk.
He's really dangerous, so definitely don't get involved with him.
He hangs out in Shinjuku, so you'll probably never meet him.
Oh, and you shouldn't get involved with a group called the Dollars.
"The Dollars?"
Yeah, "dollars" from "one dollars".
What are "One Dollars?"
I don't really know much about them.
Anyway, there are a lot of them, and I hear they all have short tempers.
They're supposedly a gang, but they don't have any gang colors.
They can't get together so they'll probably disband soon.
I see...
Oh hey, are you okay?
Are you alright?
Uhh, umm, I'm so sorry!
Are you all right?
Umm...
No.
No! No!
Hey!
What's with her?
She didn't even say thank you.
I wonder what happened to her.
Well, anything can happen in this city.
You're lucky.
In one day you've been able to meet Kadota and his friends, Simon,
Shizuo who can throw vending machines, and you ran into that beautiful girl.
I don't know if you can call that good luck...
I'm happy.
Huh?
I'm happy you're here and we're going to the same school. I can hang out with you again.
Me, too.
You really are lucky!
You're about to lay eyes on a real urban legend!
Kida!
What, Tanaka Taro? You saw the black bike?
Was it around nine o'clock at night?
How did you know, Setton?
Well, I was there, too, so...
Huh?!
What do you mean by "urban legend"?!
The black bike!
That headless guy's here!
At that moment, I noticed I was trembling.
It wasn't because I was scared.
I think...it was because I was moved.
I'd seen something amazing.
Here, in this city, I'd experienced something I couldn't even have dreamed of.
I felt as if an unbelievable reality that I could never reach was unfolding before my eyes.
This probably contradicts what I said in the beginning, but that's what I felt back there.
I was trembling at the feeling that a new reality had begun for me.
Really?
Then we might have walked passed each other without even knowing it.
Maybe.
By the way...
Who's Dotachin?
Somewhere, a mysterious girl catches a glimpse of a reality she's never known.
A reality where it seems anyone can run into someone else, yet no one does.
What did his girl who's supposed to have died actually see?
Next time: Between Truth And Lies.OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
No way! That's a convenience store trash can...!
Anyway, don't go near a guy named Heiwajima Shizuo.
I'm not good at dealing with Shizu-chan because he doesn't listen to words or reason.
Didn't I tell you never to come to Ikebukuro again?!
Shizuo! Fighting isn't good.
Shut up!
Huh? The strongest in Ikebukuro?
It's gotta be him...
Heiwajima Shizuo!
I got fired without any warning!
They told me to leave the dorm as well!
I didn't get any severance pay, so I can't even afford food or rent!
The government won't do anything to help!
Shut up...
Yes, it's the government! It's all the government's fault!
So you go into debt over a hostess?
That's love!
Mint and I truly love each other!
Huh?
Shut up...
We can only meet at the club and I don't even know her cell number...
But we are truly in love!
Disgusting!
You only see each other at the club...
You don't even know her cell number...!
Shizuo!
I'll say this right off...
What about that...
Is true...
Love!?
I hate violence.
Did you know?
There's a guy named Heiwajima Shizuo who's been going completely out of control recently.
Huh?
Is Heiwajima Shizuo that guy who wears a bartender's uniform?
Yeah.
They say he's always been scary, but apparently he's even worse now.
People are saying Ikebukuro's turned into a battlefield!
I've seen him before...
And Heiwajima Shizuo is indeed scary.
I wonder...
I don't think you should judge someone based solely on rumors.
Oh, Setton. Is Heiwajima your friend?
Maybe...you're the same as him?
I'm scared! Someone save me!!!
It's not like that!
Man, I can't collect money from anyone if you keep beating them up.
Sorry.
It reeks...
They said he hasn't been back for two or three days.
This has been happening a lot recently...
Maybe it's because of those fabled human traffickers?
It reeks...
Hey, people were injured!
I heard it was The Slasher.
It just happened!
I saw it! He ran that way.
Man...
Ikebukuro's in an uproar again.
It reeks...
Yeah, the whole town reeks!
What the hell is this smell!?
Ugh, This is annoying!
Hi Shizuo, Tom!
Hey, Simon.
Shizuo...?
Sorry, he's been in a bad mood recently.
Oh, Shizuo...he in puberty?
It's more like his rebellious stage.
Rebalance...?
Hey, it's been a while.
He got another leading role, huh?
That Hanejima Yuhei, I mean Heiwajima Kasuka, is quite the star.
You must be proud of your younger brother, Mr. Heiwajima Shizuo.
I'm sorry, let me introduce myself.
He doesn't just look good, he's also a good actor, right?
Ah, what was the name of his first film, again?
Ah, that's it.
Vampire Ninjas: Carmilla the Joker.
I knew he'd hit it big when I saw him then.
He performed all of his own stunts too, didn't he?
I'd like you to tell me whether or not you helped train him.
Shizuo!
I hate violence.
That's no lie.
I wasn't always like this.
The first time was when I fought with my little brother Kasuka.
I snapped over something trivial, lifted up the fridge and tried to throw it at him.
It's not that I thought about lifting it.
I just couldn't go without lifting it.
And then...
Hey, Shizuo, your butt sounds like a shamisen!
Idiot!
I couldn't control myself.
I wasn't angry; my body just moved on its own.
And whenever that happened...
People can do crazy things in extreme situations, right?
That must be what you always use, Shizuo!
The brain saves that power by destroying a person's muscles and bones when they reach their limit!
But your brain makes that power explode!
It could be the mystery of life: an astonishing event like no other!
Hey, can you let me examine your body just on—
Owowowowow!
That hurts!
That hurts, Shizuo!
I didn't understand the details.
It's going to break!
Anyway, I couldn't control it.
My ulna!
I'd break my body and whatever was around me.
My right ulna!
That I understood.
And then...
I stopped trying to control it.
There was no reason to try in the first place if I couldn't do it.
My body was going to break.
Like I care!
My body broke countless times and got stronger with every break.
As Shinra would say...
Ugh, how annoying!
Anyway, I continued to get stronger!
But...
Hey, you...
You're always injured, aren't you?
Are you alright?
Wait a second.
Here.
Drink some milk so you can grow stronger.
Here. You, too.
Thanks.
I went too far.
And when I came to, I'd...
Good morning!
Why'd it turn out like this?
I was raised in a normal home.
I didn't suffer any trauma.
Yet...
Kasuka.
What?
Aren't you...afraid of me?
Not really.
It happened when I entered Raira.
It's our opening anniversary!
Everything's on special!
Our store's been around forever!
It seems like we were fated to go to the same high school.
Shut up.
How's your body holding up?
That's right, let me examine you to commemorate our reunion!
No good?
Then how about you let me draw some blood?
Celty!
Where'd you go yesterday?
I was worried because you didn't come home.
Were you looking for your head again?
You say that, but I bet you met a nice guy—
Celty...
Stop poking my solar plexus.
An odd feeling came over me...
Oh, Celty, let me introduce you...
He's my friend, Heiwajima Shizuo.
I don't know how to say it, but...
Shizuo, Celty lives with me, or I should say she's my future—
She...
What a horrible memory.
That's right, that was about the same time I met that pest.
And that person...is Orihara Izaya!
I...
This is Orihara Izaya from my middle school.
Well, he's not that good a person...maybe I should say he's a horrible person.
...I hated him from the first time I saw him.
You're so mean, Shinra.
No, I didn't mean it in a bad way.
I don't like him.
Huh?
Oh?
That's too bad.
I think I could have some fun with you.
Shut up.
Don't say that, Shizuo.
See...this is fun, isn't it?
The day we met...we tried to fight to the death.
I didn't have a reason why. I just didn't like him.
But...
Are you alright?!
He's fine.
He's built strong.
Is he...really alright?
He's fine.
Nice work.
Yeah...
I failed.
Oh, what a coincidence.
Izaya's here, too.
Hey, why aren't you injured?
I'll kill you! I'll kill you! I'll kill you! I'll kill you!
The next day was an annoying one.
Guys I had never seen before were fighting me one after another.
I hadn't done anything.
I was just living peacefully.
Dammit! Dammit! Dammit! Dammit! What a pain!
How annoying! Annoying! Annoying! Annoying! Annoying! Annoying!
Hmph. I know.
Bastard!
It was Izaya.
Izaya was pulling all the strings behind the scenes.
And when I found that out...
IIIzaaayaaa!
If only I'd killed him then...
Dammit!
After graduating from Raira...
How is it?
Do I look good?
The idiot kept on living like that...
And that pest was doing something with the yakuza.
Anyway, it was quiet for a while.
But I still...
Acted that way...
Welcome.
Hey, did you see?!
No way!
That's the actor...
Hanejima Yuhei!
Yo, Kasuka.
What's up?
Bartender uniforms?
I don't think you should change jobs.
I bought a lot for you...so you can continue doing what you do.
Thanks.
Well, I'll try my best.
But...
Dammit!
Izaya!
I got framed by that pest...
...and he disappeared from Ikebukuro.
They soon found out I was innocent and released me.
Yet...
I'm sorry...I didn't keep my promise.
Oh, if it isn't Shizuo!
Tom was a class ahead of me in middle school.
He asked me to help him collect debts from people.
To sum it up, I'm his bodyguard.
I didn't like it at first.
Tom would say...
"You don't have to raise your hand to her like that."
"By the way, Heiwajima Shizuo's with me."
"No one can stand in his way."
...stuff like that, but Kasuka got busy ever since then and I hadn't seen him since.
I wonder if he's mad at me...
Hmm?
Yuhei!
Yuhei, this way, please!
I didn't understand why...
...but I felt better.
And I'm still working with Tom.
Repayment deadline?
I don't understand difficult stuff like that.
We march to our own beat.
Exactly. School, society, everyone's to blame.
They're the heart of darkness.
C'mon...
I said I don't understand.
Get outta here.
I'm just doing my job.
What? What's with the stare?
Hey, why're you wearing that?!
You idiot, he's a butler.
You guys...
You don't know who Shizuo is?
Who's that?
Some famous person?
Is that true, butler?
I spit it all out!
Would you be so kind as to bring me another one, butler?
You certainly do march to your own beat if you're in Ikebukuro and don't know about Shizuo.
My clothes...
The clothes my brother gave me...
Even so, I really don't like violence.
I want to become stronger.
...Strong enough to control my rage.
I feel much better after talking with you.
Really? That's great.
I'd been irritated this whole time. I didn't know why, though.
Yeah, I heard about that and was worried about you.
Really? Sorry to make you worry about me.
Hm?
Pffft. Shut up.
See you.
Even though I want to put distance between strangers and myself, I can't stand being alone.
That's why I always try to connect with people like Tom or Kasuka.
She's a lot like me.
She must have someone as well...
Yo.
Huh?
Shizuo!
Yo.
Are you done with puberty?
Then eat sushi. Sushi's good.
It's great!
Some other time.
Izaya!
That's it! I thought it reeked here!
Your...!
What is he doing?
What is he planning to do in this city now?
Dammit!
IIIzaaayaaa!
I have a dream.
It's the same dream over and over again.
I'm asleep when it's awake,
and it's asleep when I'm awake.
Next Time: Fleeting Dreams.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
Good luck, Tanaka Taro!
As a member of The Dollars, I'll hold onto this.
You're acting pretty tough despite Harima Mika being gone.
How does this thing die?
Did you hear? There's been another incident involving The Slasher in Ikebukuro.
Then I'll have to make a war break out that only I can cause.
Right?
I've had it!
Welcome, Welcome!
It's Russia Sushi!
It's good!
It's cheap!
Eat sushi!
The Slasher...
...struck again!
How many people does that make?
This is the scene where yesterday, protests against The Slasher took place.
Six months ago, a large-scale gathering occurred suddenly in downtown Ikebukuro.
And The Slasher incidents began at about the same time, didn't they?
Also, amongst teenagers, something called the "headless rider" has—
America has already made contact with the headless rider and wants—
The Slasher?!
The headless rider...
I'm so scared!
Something is born and something disappears every day in this town.
No way!
But...
It's good to eat.
Even so, nothing happens. Nothing changes.
Really?
The Dollars?
That's...
Her everyday life.
Everything about our love is fake.
Yet it's stronger than the real thing.
I love the wound on your neck.
How is that wound connected to true love?
I love you, Seiji.
I love everything about you with all my heart!
I get jealous every time I see them.
Then just don't watch them.
If you see a beautiful girl, you look at her—and talk to her.
That's what's been embedded in our DNA as part of Team Boys, right?
Don't lump me in with you...
However, don't worry.
My body may belong to everyone, but my heart is yours alone, Anri.
Eh?!
I've always thought, "Just how can Anri be so erotically cute?"
E-Eh?!
She's not erotic.
She's not erotic, Masaomi!
I sheee.
Eroticism aside, you do admit that she's cute.
Eh?
Uh, well...
Oh? Then you're saying she's not cute...?
Sh-Sh-She's cute!
She's cute, but...!
I see. So, you acknowledge that she's cute.
Yet I also acknowledge that she's erotic.
In other words, acknowledging Anri's eroticism means I better understand and love her more deeply.
This battle finally...ends with my victory!
Why do you get to decide everything all by yourself?!
You lose, Mikado!
Six months ago, a small disturbance occurred.
Everyone was talking about it all over town, and even in school.
However, it didn't have anything to do with her.
She's not even interested in it.
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah.
Thank you.
Nothing happens.
Nothing changes.
That's...her everyday life.
Huh?
Man, I'm glad I had some points saved up.
Hurry it up.
What're you going to do about the poster?
She's in a hurry.
What's with her? She's riding around even more than before.
Yeah, she is.
I'd want her to be a little sneakier about it, wouldn't you?
It'd be perfect if we were the only ones to know, like finding out a rich girl's secret.
Like "Nogizaka Haruka's Secret."
You two...
Don't be like that.
They've got their own problems.
And her, too.
Hey, look!
It's the headless rider!
This is Celty Sturluson's everyday life.
It was...something she was used to.
People who're drawn into the abnormal tend to panic.
In that instant, she easily escapes.
That was how Celty Sturluson did things.
But...
I've always thought...
"In the manga or movies in which someone like you would appear, we're always made to play the fool."
Whenever the superpower-wielding protagonist enters, we're always face down in pools of blood, dramatizing how strong his opponent will be.
That's fine...
Since it means we're considered that strong.
It's something you can't help during production.
But there's one thing I'd like to say.
If a real monster, evil psychic, cyborg, or ninja were to appear...
I'd have one thing...
...one thing to say:
Don't underestimate traffic cops, you monster.
I'll say it again.
Don't underestimate traffic cops, you monster look-alike.
Celty!
Welcome—
What? What's wrong?
Being embraced by you is an honor deeper than the deepest oceans and wider than the sky.
Uh, I guess that doesn't quite work.
Hey, you're shaking...
Really, what's wrong?
Celty...
I-I-It was so scary!
It was so scary, Shinra!
Th-Th-The police nowadays are monsters!
The police?
A pack of ten or eleven white and silver vehicles chased me down and...
So, you're saying a huge group of people on white bikes came after you to challenge your authority?
I have heard there's a problem officer named Kuzuhara Kinnosuke, who often causes accidents by over-pursuing offenders.
I was so scared.
I really was.
I was too conceited.
From now on I'll live modestly, so please forgive me.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Who're you apologizing to?
Showing vulnerability isn't like you, Celty.
Although, if you were to show it to me in bed—
Don't say such embarrassing things at a time like this.
Okay. That's fine.
Anyway, I'm sorry about that, but...
Could you go meet someone for me?
No, it's not a job.
My...father's come back.
Jeez...
He could just catch a taxi...
He was pretty meddlesome back then, but...
Hey, hey, hey!
What's that?
Say something!
He's pretty white.
Too white...
Oh, man...
What's with you, geezer?
He's wearing a pretty cool outfit.
Right, Horada?
You three.
Don't you think the air in Tokyo is dirty?
Huh?!
It seems like that dirty face of yours would normally serve as excellent protection, but in this filthy air...
Hey, it looks like this geezer's full of himself!
Meh, it doesn't matter.
It looks like the time has come to teach you about the power of adults.
Under the Juvenile Act, you can kill people and still be protected.
Or I assume that's what you think.
Remember this!
When you try to kill someone, you'd better be prepared to possibly get killed by—
I guess you are full of yourself, geezer.
I'm over twenty years old!
Wait a minute.
This really hurts, and I can't run away because you're stepping on my feet..
I'm being finger-stabbed!
I'm being finger-stabbed!
What're you doing, Celty?!
Huh?!
Help me now!
Huh...?
I really don't want to help him...
Don't you realize that the reason I acted so bold with these people is because I felt safe when I saw you?
Horada, this's the black biker.
What?! Are you serious, Higa?!
Yeah, I saw her on TV.
Weren't you at that Dollars thing six months ago?
Man, everybody's tryin' to act tough here on our island.
What's up?! Say something!
Huh?!
Huuuuuuuuh?!
Huh?
What is this?!
Yep, that was the right response.
Great, it's not broken.
It's so important to me because I got it from Shinra.
Did you see that?
This is the power of adults!
Nope, I'll never like him.
Is there any meaning to using these?
Just what kind of rules do you use?
Russia Sushi, Russia Sushi!
Boss...
Oh, Izaya!
Yo. You're working as hard as ever, I see.
You've been coming to Ikebukuro a lot lately.
If you're here, you should stop by the restaurant.
I just opened up the canned goods this morning.
The ingredients are so fresh!
Sorry, but I'm busy with some stuff.
Maybe some other time.
"You can't hide an awl in a bag."
"Don't talk about ropes in a house where someone hanged himself," was it?
Alright, let's say what we like about Anri to show who understands her better.
I'll go first. Her eroticism!
You're going to start with that?!
Stop talking about erotic stuff.
Those who laugh at eroticism will be reduced to tears by it.
That doesn't make any sense.
This was her first experience being friends with boys.
Anyway, Mikado, what do you like about Anri?
Well, I...uhh...
"There's nothing good about Anri...poo poo." Is that it?
Well, to be exact, she'd probably never been friends with anyone before.
I didn't say that!
Then tell me. Right now! Quickly!
In the past, she was only around to make Harima Mika look good.
Three, two, one!
But that was fine.
That was her place.
However...
Now that she's lost that place, she's been unable to find a new one.
Okay, in order to prove how erotically cute you are, Anri, let's all go pick up girls!
What kind of logic is that?!
By "pick up," you mean...
It'll be fine.
Anri's the trap to make them think, "Oh, there's a girl here, so it'll be okay to go off with them," so she doesn't have to do anything.
W-W-Wait a minute, Masaomi!
Alright, let's go! Everyone, follow me!
Get set, and...bang!
Let's do this!
K-Kida...
Masaomi!
Do you really think it's okay?
It's fine. He'd just be hitting on girls by himself anyway.
Honestly...
What a pain.
I have to make a big scene about it since you're so shy.
I'm such an incendiary man.
Umm...
She did notice that the two boys loved her.
However...
Uh, the sunset's really pretty, isn't it?
Eh?
Uh, but there are some weird clouds over there...
It might rain later, so be careful.
You're right.
Umm...
Eh?!
What?
This is it for me.
Eh?
Well, see you tomorrow.
Uh, yeah, see you tomorrow...
The sunset was a bad idea.
She probably couldn't answer, no matter who confessed to her...
Because she still liked Harima Mika.
The two of them are so similar...
That the girl still doesn't understand the difference between friendship and love.
What do Harima Mika, Ryugamine Mikado, and Kida Masaomi mean to her?
Can we get you to change your answer?
We really do need you...
I've told you, I have nothing to do with this anymore.
This isn't where I belong.
I don't plan on coming back...to your side.
Really?! That's so funny!
There've been a lot more people wearing yellow around town recently.
Yellow?
That's so true. They stand out more than The Dollars because you can tell who they are.
Oh, are you talking about The Yellow Scarves?
You know them, Setton?
Yes, well...
They've been around for a while.
And The Yellow Scarves are...
They're an old gang in Ikebukuro.
They disappeared after getting into a fight with another gang.
Ahh, I've heard that story before.
Does this mean they're back together?
Ikebukuro's all up in arms again.
Seriously. And the police are scary, too.
I'm serious.
Don't underestimate the police.
The police?
Aw, she fell down.
How lame.
All you did was kick her a bit.
You're such an idiot.
That's cuz she's a parasite.
What's with the face?!
It doesn't look like The Slasher Case will be solved anytime soon.
Speaking of that, have you heard?
There's a rumor that The Slasher is in The Dollars.
There are rumors that the headless rider is, too.
Eh?! Who's spreading that?!
I doubt it's true.
All joking aside...
You really should be careful of The Yellow Scarves.
Some of them don't take too kindly to the fact we expanded our influence while they weren't around.
Is that so...
Alright, I'll be careful.
Honestly...
You sell yourself to Ryugamine and Kida after Harima, and then Nasujima on top of that?!
How many people are you going to sell your body to until you're satisfied?
You whore!
All you can do is live off of someone else, you parasite.
Parasite!
Parasite!
Parasite!
She wondered, "Maybe what those girls are saying really is true."
She used to be dependent upon Harima Mika.
And she might still be...
What're you bein' all quiet for?!
Say something!
What? Parasites don't have mouths?!
Now she might be dependent upon those two boys...
...trying to find her place amongst them.
You reek, parasite!
Don't ever come to school!
It's your fault I've lost two boyfriends!
What're you spacing out for?!
She'd gone about protecting her heart and body in this way.
Nothing happens.
Nothing changes.
That's her everyday life.
Your house is nearby, isn't it? You should let us in. We'll search it for you!
Hurry up and take us there!
You better do it if you wanna make up for what you've done!
It's here!!
Ah...
Huh?
I'm the one who wants to cut you!
Is this the person who was spamming any message board related to Ikebukuro six months ago?
You haven't banned this person yet?
I did!
It doesn't work, no matter how many times I do it!
Oh, I see.
I banned the IP address, but they just use a different host and come back.
Ah, you mean a proxy?
Hmm, it doesn't look like it's a proxy...
Wow, that's scary.
Nothing happens.
Nothing changes.
That's her...
The Slasher is somewhere in this city.
Every time an incident occurs, fear awakes and spreads rumors along a heavy and stagnant night breeze.
However...
Next Time: Uproar.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
He came to visit me sometimes...until recently.
Long time no see, Kida Masaomi.
What is this?!
They disappeared after an altercation with another gang.
And you can't just go ask Orihara Izaya, can you?
You dragged me back into this...
Damn it.
Damn it!
So, your friend was hospitalized?
Who'd you hear that from?
I saw it from my window.
You came to visit every day.
So, your friend's a girl, right?
She has a nice body and wears glasses; that lack of balance makes her an attractive high schooler.
Do you like her?
Yeah. I'm smack dab in the middle of a love triangle involving her and my friend.
It'd be a love square if you included me.
We're done, finished, canceled, closed up.
Right?
Then why do you keep visiting me?
Have you decided you want to return to how things were?
Sorry, I'm going home.
You'll come back, Masaomi.
I mean, you always do.
So I'm fine no matter how many girls you fall in love with.
In the end, you'll show a much stronger love toward me than any of them.
I didn't have to listen to know what she was going to say.
She always repeats the same thing;
that I'll return to her no matter how many girls I date.
And, more so than any of them, you'll love me on a much higher level.
However, I didn't want to hear the words that would come next.
I mean, that's what Izaya said.
I succumb to the illusion that I'm God when I look at it like this, which feels pretty good, you know.
Three-way fights are great.
Moreover, all three leaders are friends with each other.
God attack!
The sweeter the honeymoon, the higher the flames of despair rise when it all comes crashing down.
Look! The pawns are like garbage!
Now, what do the cards say about the non-pawns?
Kadota's group, Shinra, Simon...
Umm...I guess Shizu-chan's the king after all.
Celty's the queen, I suppose.
Then who's the joker...
Meh, whatever.
This has gotten fun, hasn't it?
You think so too, right?
I heard that she didn't die.
How fortunate.
It'll all work out as long as she's alive.
Izaya...
You're pretty smart;
you understand that you're the reason she ended up like that.
It's laudable that you haven't succumbed to your emotions and tried to punch me—
Bingo.
It's only natural that you'd channel your anger towards me.
Since I was obviously trying to insult you.
So, she's unconscious?
I hope she wakes up.
Or maybe you hope that she'll never come out of it.
What are you trying to say...?!
You know....
You're scared, aren't you?
You figure that if she wakes up, she'll blame you for the rest of your life.
But, let's assume that she dies.
Wouldn't you feel guilty for the rest of your life that you killed her?
In other words, your feelings of guilt are meaningless whether she lives or dies.
You can't run away.
The past will be only too happy to chase you—
In absolute, complete, and total earnest.
Do you know why?
Because it's lonely.
The past and memories get lonely easily.
I don't believe in God.
Because he doesn't have a fixed form.
The past certainly does exist, even in a world where the future doesn't have a fixed form.
Even if it's been colored by misunderstandings and delusions,
a person's past can't be anything but the truth as long as he believes in it.
If that's what you base your actions...or your way of life on,
isn't that like being a deity?
I don't understand what you're trying to say at all!
Yeah, you do...
You can't run from her anymore.
Your feelings of guilt towards her will become your past, and she'll become a deity to you.
Well, that should be fine, right?
Since you like her...
I see you've recovered wonderfully, Anri!
That's great; Anri and her eros are safe!
"Eros" is going too far, Masaomi.
But I'm really glad you're okay. I really am.
Uh, umm...thanks, you two.
You don't have to thank me.
I'm happy as long as you and your eros are okay!
The same for me—except for the eros thing.
Hello?
I see.
Got it.
I'll be right there.
Sorry! Something just came up with my friend!
Oh, really?
If you want to hate someone, hate my friend to your heart's content!
Hate doesn't cost anything, and it doesn't cause me any harm!
It's a perfect "two birds with one stone," it's "many wives for one man!"
"Many wives for one man?"
See you tomorrow!
I wonder if it's really that important?
Don't you think Kida's been acting strange lately?
Really?
You're sure it's not all in your head?
I've never told Mikado about my involvement in the Yellow Scarves.
Where he is and this place are both realities to me...
But I feel like an incredible distance separates them...
We fought every day.
We'd stay connected to each other only if we continued to fight.
I wanted someone to affirm my existence.
It was then...that I first met Saki.
That yellow cloth looks really nice.
Huh?
You're much cooler than the rumors make you out to be, Kida Masaomi.
What?
How do you know my name?
Do you have ESP?
Are you Itou the ESP user?
If you really can read people's minds like that, I'm going to put you in my bag and take you home with me!
Oh, you... That's just too weird!
But, it's not me. Someone else has ESP.
Eh? Who is it?
There's a girl with ESP here?
Anyway, he's an amazing person.
He knows everything.
It was also the time...I met someone I didn't want to.
Hey, nice to meet you. You're Kida Masaomi, right?
And who might you be?
I'm Orihara Izaya, an information dealer.
This girl's something like my disciple.
I'm not her boyfriend or anything, so don't worry.
I hope we get along.
Shogun!
I told you to just call me Kida Masaomi, not "shogun."
B-But, "Kida" still sounds kind of...
We don't know anything about the Dollars.
We have some members who used to be a part of them, but no one knows who's at the top.
They couldn't identify who it was during their first gathering six months ago...
Are they planning on making a move?
Apparently their leader issued a statement saying he wanted information on the Slasher.
So, I guess it wasn't true that the Slasher is part of the Dollars.
Even so, something about this is definitely fishy.
Anything else?
Well, Horada got attacked by the black biker, but...
Who's Horada?
It was a while ago, but the black biker attacked us while we were making fun of some weird guy for wearing a white gas mask...
The black biker...?
Yeah, it was covered with something that looked like black oil or whatnot...
Just who is this black biker...?
There's a rumor that it's involved with the Dollars...
Well, whatever...
By the way, you guys are older than us, aren't you?
Y-Yeah, well...
Don't drag in any more adults.
We're done for once we have people's names getting out like Mr. Whoever from Whatever Group.
We're just little brats!
No matter how many of us there are, we can't win against adults, and we're done for if we get used by them!
Just like...Orihara Izaya used me...
Stop it!
Hey!
Whenever I was even the least bit troubled, Saki would always say, "Just ask Izaya."
We'd ask for his opinion on certain things.
I made it so that you both benefit...
Everyone thought he was annoying at first, but things actually went well when we did what he said.
I didn't believe him.
I figured I wouldn't get any closer to him than need be.
Izaya's really amazing.
He knows everything and he's never wrong.
So, would you die if he told you to?
Probably...
I took pity on her.
I wanted to release her from Izaya's bonds.
I wonder if we can say that we're dating?
I wonder...
So, why do you hang out with me?
Because I like you.
Did that Izaya guy tell you to like me or something?
Yeah. Only at first, though.
Izaya doesn't interfere with people's love lives.
So, why do you still like me?
Because you're cool.
No, maybe it's because you're cute?
What about you?
Do you like me?
I guess I'd like you if you stopped your zealous devotion to that guy.
I can't help that.
It'd be nice if you'd overlook at least one of my faults.
You know your own faults?
I guess.
Although I don't plan on fixing them.
If you have a fault, you should fix it.
I'll even help you.
And so, we started dating.
When I was dating Saki, there was no one to keep me in check.
I was serious, and the Yellow Scarves were even more serious when it came to fighting the Blue Squares.
They fought dirty.
They'd attack small groups with large ones, and they'd lay traps so they could win fights.
They injured over one hundred of my compatriots.
Everyone was scared.
And so was I.
I was scared that I'd have to disband the Yellow Scarves and lose my sense of belonging.
So...
You should ask Izaya about it.
I relied on someone.
On him...out of fear...
Welcome!
I kept telling myself it was for my friends' sakes.
Let's take our time talking about it.
His information changed the Yellow Scarves drastically.
It wasn't just information about the Blue Squares...
He even gave us specific information on how to fight.
Our position as the weaker party was quickly reversed.
Izaya, you truly are amazing!
At some point, I'd lost my apprehension about him.
Moreover, we were winning...
I enjoyed our victories.
But...
Kiiiiida Masaomi?
Who's this?
It is nice to meet you.
I'm Izumii, the leader of the Blue Squares!
We're holding a trivia tournament today!
Question one: we've asked a special guest to join us; whoever could it be?
Here's a hint; this person's very, very, very, very important to you!
Hey!
Time's up! Or so I'd like to say, but an image of someone flitted across your mind, didn't it?
Then bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo!
What have you... What have you done with Saki?!
Question two: What could your precious girlfriend possibly look like at this moment?
Question three:
That was the sound of what bone breaking?
Here's a hint: I don't think she'll be walking any time soon!
Last question: If you don't come to the parking garage where you trapped us last time within the next 20 minutes,
what in the world will become of this girl?
I regretted it.
I'd been naïve.
No matter if I said, "We were still middle schoolers,"
Or, "This is just the continuation of a backyard brawl,"
It wasn't.
This was war.
Moreover, I was the one who started it.
Pick up!
Please, pick up...
The person you have dialed—
What the hell?! Damn it!
Izumii, the girl passed out.
How boring.
We just broke one of her bones in a couple of places...
I ran.
All I could do was go there.
I'd go there...and kill everyone who made Saki scream like that!
The person...
That's why we're going to knock the leader of the Yellow Scarves down a notch.
I told you I'm not taking part in this.
C'mon now, I heard we kidnapped his girlfriend.
She's just a kid, but she's still pretty womanly!
You can have some fun with that, right?
You kidnapped her?
Alright, I'll head out right now.
I knew it! I knew this—
Tell this to Izumii when you wake up:
"So long, you bastard."
I couldn't move anymore.
What I'd felt earlier had just disappeared.
Why did my feet freeze in place...even though I knew Saki was in danger?
Why...?
Why am I so scared?
I thought I could do anything if it were for Saki's sake...!
I was a powerless...middle schooler.
Won't she die at this rate?
Not like we care, though.
She's not bleeding, so she should be fine.
Hello!
Well, well, well—
Whoa, so you really did kidnap her!
Oh, it's just you, Yumasaki? Where's Kadota?
In reality, this girl would end up in pieces, unlike in the movies or manga.
That got me thinking.
Huh?
I believe that if a hero were to appear and save her, just maybe the world would turn into 2D,
and I'd become a superpower-wielding world savior,
and I'd be all over the girls like, "Oh my, tee hee," and, "honk honk, heh heh heh."
And so, to realize my dream, here we go!
He's still as weird as ever.
And so, it's time to implement my "let's turn reality into a happy ending for a 2D heroic story" plan!
Hurry!
Kadota, you asshole!
We probably shouldn't move her too much.
We should get her to a hospital fast.
Are you two really okay with this?
We follow you, Kadota, so we won't have any lingering attachments to the Blue Squares.
Honestly, I'm not good at dealing with people like Izumii and Horada.
They're always like, "I second that."
It would've been cooler if you'd thrown it out the window.
I don't like littering.
Saki finally woke up.
Thanks to her testimony, Izumii was arrested, and the weakened Blue Squares were forced to disband.
Hey.
Huh?
You're Kida from the Yellow Scarves, right?
Um, who are you...?
How should I explain...
My name's Kadota.
Ah, I just heard that you betrayed your gang to save Saki.
Um...thank you very much.
Well, we're on our way back from visiting her, but she said you haven't come to her room yet?
That's none of your concern, is it?
She asked us to tell you something.
She can see this whole area from her room.
She says, "Thanks for always coming to visit me."
I told her that you were held up by the Blue Squares and got there a little too late.
She wasn't mad at you or anything.
See you.
Why...?
Why did you tell her that?
When did I ever tell you to do that?!
I would've told her the same thing even if you'd said not to.
You know, don't you?!
That I...ran away...
My legs froze up...and I couldn't move...
Yeah, I know.
By the way, you're still running from her.
Are you telling me...to lie to her?!
Even though I abandoned her and ran away?!
Hey, don't get carried away.
If you remember the guilt you felt at running away,
then at least bear the discomfort that comes with lying to her for the rest of your life.
That'll be your atonement.
If you still don't want to lie to her, then face her head on and don't run away!
I'll forgive you for running from your past.
However...
At least don't run from the present or the future!
Oh? Did you just say something cool, Kadota?
That was awesome! I'm going to call you Poey the poet from now on...
In the end, I just couldn't do it.
I tried. I went there numerous times...
To simply tell her, "Let's break up."
But I couldn't do it.
I left the Yellow Scarves.
Have you already decided on a high school, Kida?
I'm going to take the exams for Raira Academy, since it's close.
I kept typing words in praise of Raira Academy.
I was lonely.
When I talked to Mikado, I felt at ease.
You should...
Come too.
And so, I reunited with Mikado.
I also met Anri.
I thought that my peaceful life as a high schooler would continue.
And yet...
Damn it!
You...You dragged me back into this.
I had absolutely no intention of returning.
You can't run from her anymore.
Your feelings of guilt towards her will become your past, and she'll become a deity to you.
He was right.
That's why I'm here.
I'll defeat the Slasher, who hurt Anri and my friends.
I'll defeat the Dollars if the Slasher's with them.
I won't freeze up any longer.
This time, I'll definitely...
Who's there?!
What's wrong?
A girl was spying on us!
Someone's chasing her as we speak!
A girl?
Maybe she's with the Dollars!
I want to talk with her. Don't be too rough with her.
Yes, sir!
I'll go this way!
I shouldn't have been hesitant at all...
That's why I returned. That's it...
Yet, why...
Why is anxiety rippling throughout my body?
Why...?
Why...?
Why...is Kida...?
The girl runs.
She runs as fast as she can...
...to escape the shadow that's chasing her,
to escape the horrible truth she's discovered.
Next Time: The Blue Dynasty is Dead.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
I ran away.
My legs froze and I couldn't move.
The past will be only too happy to chase you.
What happened?
The Slasher kind of...
And so...banzai!
Hurry!
You're not thinking of joining the Dollars, are you?
No way.
You can't run from the past, Masaomi.
Don't!
Some great person once said, "The world is a construct of the mind."
I think.
Even if he didn't say it, I'm sure someone said something like it.
Hey, welcome!
Long time no see. Thanks for coming.
It's cheap.
I'll give you a discount, boss Kadota.
Who here's a boss?
Oh yeah, five plates of your cheapest sushi.
Alright.
So, what does the head of the Yellow Scarves want with us?
For us, the world of fiction is a playground that's just as important as reality.
Fiction and reality are equally valuable, so it's not like we hate reality.
You'd understand if he said that he wants to talk with the Dollars, right?
Fine, then.
I'll say this in advance, but we don't know much and the Slasher's attacked our members, too.
It'd be a great help to us if you could clear up that misunderstanding, Kida.
Well, I...
Drink tea?
Catechin is good.
Hot!
It's okay, boss.
If you clear your mind of all worldly thoughts, even flames feel cool.
Don't angry.
It's WEEEALLY hot.
I bet you really do know how to speak Japanese.
Anyway, it's crazy that you can hold on to those hot tea mugs.
You might be the only ones thinking that.
Huh?
The Dollars have neither a vertical nor horizontal hierarchy, right?
So there might be a secret faction that you don't know about.
And if they slash their own members, no one will suspect them.
I see.
Well, I guess that makes sense.
And? What's their motive?
What's the point in destroying the Yellow Scarves by posing as the Slasher?
They aren't motivated by greed or making a name for themselves.
If I knew that, then there wouldn't be any problem and we could assume it's just a grudge.
A grudge?
I haven't heard of any fights between the Yellow Scarves and the Dollars.
Not with the Dollars.
The Blue Squares...
Kida...
I haven't forgotten what they did to us, and even though that incident was basically settled,
that doesn't mean my hatred for them has vanished.
That's what I think.
So that's why you've come to us?
Hey, you understand, don't you, Kadota?
I want you to tell me the name of the Dollars' boss.
If possible, I'd get some of your old friends—guys from the Blue Squares who're in the Dollars—
Don't, Kida.
Don't go mixing fantasy with reality like that.
Huh?
The Blue Squares never existed.
Let's leave it at that.
You're—You're saying that Saki was attacked by a group that never existed, leaving her hospitalized—
That's right.
Your ex-girlfriend was attacked by a group that didn't exist.
That's good enough.
Karisawa, you're about to make me angry!
You already are angry, aren't you?
Besides, Yuma-chi got angry before you did.
So you're even.
Just like how you're angry about what happened to your girlfriend,
some people are angry that others say the Slasher is colluding with the Dollars.
If you don't think we're all even based on that, then you shouldn't have brought up this topic.
It's true that we have some debts to pay.
If you, who ran away—unlike Dotachin, who saved Saki—want to bring up the past again,
we're going to dispel that past form this world by saying it was a product of our imaginations.
If reality is as equally valuable as fiction, then you should just chalk up the parts of the past you don't need to your imagination.
That's how we do things.
You're wrong, Karisawa.
What? I am?
Assuming that the Blue squares did exist, they're the ones who were attacked first.
And yet, they were just protesting against being unfairly labeled as the bad guys.
Oh, yeah!
I'm so embarrassed!
I'm so totally embarrassed!
I'm...sorry.
No, we're also to blame.
We truly regret the whole Saki incident.
No, I should be thanking you for what you did back there.
We'd understand even if you did hate us...
...since we did all that to a mere middle schooler.
But you didn't do anything wrong, Kadota...
No matter how much you want to, you can't erase the fact that you had a part in it.
Anyway, I'll be up-front about this: I don't know who our boss is, nor do I have any intentions of finding that out.
Also, I'll say it again.
The Slasher has nothing to do with the Dollars, and we have no reason to start a fight with the Yellow Scarves.
I understand.
Come to think of it, there is one guy who knows our boss.
Who is it?!
Hold on!
What's the point of asking him?
Supposing that you find out our boss's name from that guy, do you plan on having a leisurely talk over some tea?
Or maybe you'll have some Yellow Scarves' members kidnap him?
I'm just after the Slasher.
Is that the consensus of all the Yellow Scarves?
Huh?
I'll cooperate as long as I know that you can keep your subordinates in line like in the old days.
However, they've changed in your absence.
You can't say that you haven't noticed.
I...still view them—the members of the Yellow Scarves—as my friends.
You don't even know what to do, do you?
Assuming it was the work of the Dollars, does that even concern you now?
It's because of these gang wars that you...
...ran away.
But the reality you thought you dispelled tends to come back in different forms.
However, this time it's not only my friends in the Yellow Scarves.
Huh?
This time, someone important to me who had nothing to do with either the Yellow Scarves or my past was attacked.
I can't forgive that.
Isn't that your—
Yes, it's my own problem.
I'm just using the Yellow Scarves as an excuse to solve my own personal problem.
I won't say anything, since you realize all that.
All we can do now is leave it up to the discretion of our boss and the guy who knows him.
Eh?
However!
If, after that, you still view us as your one-and-only enemy...
If I still view you as that... What?
We'll take you up on your offer to fight.
You're prepared for that, right?
You understand that as long as you wave the flag of vengeance,
 this will be different from some sandlot scuffle kids your age engage in, don't you?
I...
You're scaring the other customers.
Take that kind of talk outside.
Here you are.
Five orders of Kremlin hand-rolled sushi, boss.
You fight?
That's because you're hungry.
Eat sushi and fill your stomachs.
Fulfill your dreams.
The human stomach is a dream factory.
Thanks, Simon.
Th-Th-Thanks for the food.
That owner's insane!
Hey, isn't this usually called attempted murder?
Well, I guess knives can cut that deep.
Bluurghhh!
See you, Kida.
Make sure you don't half-ass anything from here on out.
That owner really is crazy, huh?
If that had missed by even a bit, I would've been done for.
Sorry, but I thought he was kind of cool.
Me, too.
He made me think of a protagonist in a food manga who does Sambo and tells people not to play with knives.
Maybe he's a former martial arts instructor for the Russian military who fought with the mafia and is now hiding under the guise of a sushi chef!
If that were true, he'd never open such a conspicuous store like Russia Sushi.
Horada, Horada...
What's that, Kadota?
Are you chanting some kind of curse?
And so Dotachin sang out, "Horada, Horada!"
Is it a binding spell, or maybe a summoning one?
It might be an electrical attack one.
Kida told you already!
Well, even after what happened before, investigating the Dollars won't lead to anything about the Slasher.
I... No, we think differently.
What?
There's a rumor that the black biker is in the Dollars.
Huh?
What's the black biker have to do with this?
Last night, we saw something unbelievable.
I see.
You're saying that the black biker is the Slasher's accomplice because she helped it escape?
Moreover, the black biker attacked Horada.
Horada?
Horada...
Ah, so that's why you were saying, "Horada, Hora."
What's wrong? Why are you lost in thought all of a sudden?
It's no big deal, but... That's right, I might be wrong...
Wrong about what?
No, I just feel like I knew a guy with that name...
It all makes sense if there's a faction that's friends with the black biker and they're targeting the Yellow Scarves.
Hey, Yuma-chi, isn't there something wrong with this conversation?
What about it?
Didn't the black biker take care of the Slasher earlier?
Togusa also ran it over.
In the end, Shizu-chan finished it off.
But then, there was that night when fifty people got slashed...
Maybe it's those victims?
Whichever it is, the Slasher won't come around ever again.
They wanted to fight with Heiwajima Shizuo.
You know how that ended, right?
But...
This is the number of the guy who knows our boss.
Do with it what you wish.
Cheer up.
I'll lose customers if you leave all depressed. Eat up, and leave with a cheerful expression.
Thank you very much.
Fights aren't good.
You're happy enough, so don't take away the happiness of others.
You should share it.
Hey, I just learned this:
"Parity is a good invention."
What does it mean?
You mean, "Charity is a good investment."
Are you an invention, Kida?
Are you? Are you?
This is really good.
I'm bored.
Having nothing to do certainly is boring.
Can I punch you?
That's fine by me. I'm paying you, aren't I?
Why'd you send chocolate to the Awakusu Association?
It was a gun, but so what?
C'mon, you knew that guy ran off with some handguns from the Asakusu Association six months ago, didn't you?
Oh, the guy who that detestable dullahan was chasing.
Celty found and returned most of them without any problems, but one still hasn't been recovered.
That's why...
I figured you'd be calling me sometime soon.
A scam?
Yeah, of course.
Okay. I'll be right there.
In the end, he was the only one who couldn't run from his past.
Some great person once said, "The world is a symbol."
I think.
Even if he didn't say it, I'm sure someone said something like it.
What a nostalgic expression.
It's the same as that face you made before.
Even though you were only a middle schooler, that expression was maturity incarnate.
While waxing nostalgic about those times, why don't I greet you like this?
Welcome back.
I know what you're going to ask.
Well, I could've just answered over the phone, but...
I doubt the gravity of the matter was appropriate.
I hear your friend was slashed?
Her name's Sonohara Anri, isn't it?
It seems like this girl is much more important to you than your buddies in the Yellow Scarves.
Long, long ago, a boy influenced by manga and TV dramas decided to start a group called the Yellow Scarves.
Let's fight!
The Yellow Scarves fought with another group that used blue as their distinguishing color, and got into trouble.
Come at me if you want.
And then a brilliant military strategist came on the scene.
Why are they all pretty girls?
However, it wasn't Zhuge Liang, but actually Cao Cao.
Meanwhile, the gang they were hunting down captured his princess, and although the boy tried to save her, he got scared and—
Suppose the girl you liked were caught up in the Yellow Scarves' fight and injured...
I see, I see.
It'd be exactly like that incident with Saki.
Is this what you're thinking:
"I was supposed to be in love with Saki, but I got scared and couldn't save her."
"Maybe my love for her wasn't real?"
"Maybe I just liked her for her body."
"Maybe I don't like her as much as I thought I did."
He sure can fire that stuff off.
Or maybe you actually want it to be that way now.
If that's so, then you should be able to risk your life for the girl you love and fight.
Sonohara Anri's your touchstone for that, right?
If that's what you want to believe, go ahead.
Huh?
I just want to see this through.
Your revenge on the Slasher?
Or the annihilation of the Dollars?
Depending on your answer, it could be both.
I like how you've made up your mind.
I get it.
This is all so you can move on.
That's why I'll gladly tell you the facts about the truth, and the reality you can't do anything about.
This is an example of how three separate entities can coalesce into one, according to the times.
By the way, how's Mikado doing?
Huh?
C'mon, you introduced me to him this spring.
Your friend, Ryugamine Mikado.
What does he have to do with this?
Well, I figured he'd be really concerned about your situation.
He's got nothing to do with this!
I've never told him about my involvement with the Yellow Scarves, and he's as immature yet super-energetic as always.
He lives every day like he enjoys it.
Ooh, maybe you're jealous of the peaceful life he's leading.
That's why I'm telling you he has nothing to do with this!
And what if he does?
Oh, I see. So Mikado's doing well, huh?
So, he's enjoying life that much even though he's the reason his friend is suffering?
Wait a minute! What you mean by that, Izaya?!
You know what I mean.
Your BFF Ryugamine Mikado is the leader of the Dollars.
Although you may be the only one who thinks you're friends.
Reality is such a pain.
Those of us who were fed up with that kind of reality decided to remake it.
We'd set up a partition,
separate what's important to us from what was trash,
put only the things we loved on our side,
and got rid of the rest.
It wasn't that bad once we started!
We found that we could make a world completely out of moe, tsundere, and boy's love!
It was an incredible discovery!
That's the only way to do a good job of separating fiction from reality.
Did you hear?
Apparently, the Yellow Scarves and the Dollars got in another fight.
Again...?
How scary.
It was just the kind of scuffle they always have, wasn't it?
I heard that this time they attacked the Yellow Scarves' hideout directly.
How bold of them.
You know,
there's also the headless rider.
What if she's partnered up with the Slasher and attacked the Yellow Scarves' secret base?
Uh...
What's wrong, Setton?
This again...
There's no way even you'd believe that, Kanra.
That's just nonsense.
What are you all talking about?
We're talking about anime. (lol)
No we're not, Setton.
Saika, we're talking about what's happening with the new special effects movie.
Oh, I see.
You too, Tanaka Taro...?
It's really interesting.
They've changed producers twice so far this year, and all the scriptwriters have been replaced!
I'll make sure to check it out.
By the way...
This is just gossip, but...
What is it?
I've heard that the Yellow Scarves' shogun wants to meet with the boss of the Dollars!
Really?!
Masaomi!
What's up? You didn't stop by my classroom before leaving.
Well, I've got stuff to do...
Also, you were absent yesterday, so...
You look all better.
Um, Kida...
Ah, there you are!
Takeguchi?
Ryugamine, did you tell anyone that I'm in the Dollars?!
How about you, Kida?!
What are you talking about?
Oh, you don't know?
The Dollars are fighting with the Yellow Scarves again.
Some guy was asking people about me today.
I haven't told anybody.
Me neither.
Okay, then.
See you!
Uh, okay.
Bye.
I've got to go, too.
What? Let's go home together...
Something just came up.
My ardent female fans just won't leave me alone.
Guess.
See you!
Masaomi...
Got it? No more fighting!
Even if you're provoked, bear with it.
But, Shogun...
Don't give them a reason to take advantage of you.
If you think the Slasher is part of the Dollars, then go get some evidence!
Shogun!
You said you'd meet with the Dollars' boss; did you learn anything from that?
No.
There are some here who say they can't tolerate being looked down on anymore after that incident two days ago.
If they go out of control...
If that happens, I'll prepare for the worst.
Why don't I tell you how you got into this mess?
It's because you don't have a color.
You'd be naïve to think that you're safe just because...
...you don't have a color!
In reality, no one will help you if you don't have a color.
An organization where no one's bound by anyone...
As if!
After all, it's nothing more than some people playing around on the Internet!
I'll remove that crap from reality!
We're the Yellow Scarves.
Sometimes, reality employs plot developments befitting a poorly constructed 2-D production.
Masaomi?
Takeguchi...
Eh?
...was attacked by the Yellow Scarves.
Takeguchi was?!
I'm going to visit him in the hospital.
Why couldn't I stop back then?
What do I know about the Dollars?
At this rate, nothing about everyday life will change.
But...
Next Time: At A Loss.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
Mr. Niekawa, how's your daughter?
You know about Niekawa?
Yeah, in name only.
Just who is Niekawa Haruna...?
As if! Shizuo's way stronger than me!
You mean the one who started spamming Ikebukuro-related message boards six months ago?
Run!
I love you very, very, very, very much, Shizuo.
Kadota, I'm borrowing your door.
So, who am I supposed to ask to pay for my door?
I told Shinra all about it once I returned home.
And that it was all over.
But it wasn't.
You could actually say that it was just beginning.
It turned into a long, long night.
I let Kadota and the others take care of the guy who'd lost consciousness,
and took the girl who was almost attacked back to her house.
It was that girl who's always with Mikado.
She wanted me to show her that I really didn't have a head—
So you did.
Like Mikado, she wasn't surprised at all.
Are all kids like that these days?
No, I don't think being young has anything to do with it.
Celty...?
Umm...who might you be?
Hello, Sonohara.
I'm Niekawa Haruna.
And so, I'm sorry to make you look up a bunch of stuff about it, but the Saika thing is over.
Yeah, but, that's kind of anticlimactic...something doesn't seem right.
So, what are we going to do about him?
Let's start by calling an ambulance.
Something...
...about this doesn't seem right.
Why?
I'm going to Shinjuku for a bit to kill Izaya dead.
Hey, Shizuo definitely loves Izaya, doesn't he?
It's like a "boy's love" kind of thing—
That's definitely not it.
Well, they might be—
Stop it!
Just thinking about that makes me want to vomit.
Anyway, this is what's important.
Don't touch it. It might possess you.
This is Saika?
But, it's a knife.
I was surprised too, but the guy who was holding it had red eyes...
...talked like a woman, and said a bunch of nonsensical stuff about love or something.
Love...?
I feel like I'd seen him somewhere before...
But, what does slashing people have to do with love, anyway?
Maybe Saika's a sadist?
I doubt it's the same as sadism.
Saika's purpose is to love people.
It's loved people for so long that it's stopped loving individuals and now loves the whole species.
The entire human race...
I don't get it.
If it loves people, why does it slash them?
Hey, Sonohara.
Do you know why I've come to visit you?
Is it about...Mr. Nasujima?
Umm, I don't have anything to do with him.
It's just that there have been some weird rumors...
I'm sure that's true.
But, I love Takashi.
When someone loves another person, they express that love through various behaviors, right?
Behaviors?
Like verbalizing it, holding hands, or embracing.
Um...were you two dating?
We weren't just dating.
We loved each other.
We were happy simply being able to confirm that love.
Yes, forever and ever and ever...
However, one day, he rejected me.
Even though all I did was try to express that love in a concrete form.
Express that love in a concrete form...?
What do you mean by that?
It wanted to express its love through its behavior.
But Saika is a sword.
Even if it wanted to love, it has no body.
So it took over people and—
And kept on slashing them.
Time after time after time...
...in order to verify its love.
To...express its love in a concrete form?
I was rejected by Takashi.
No, I don't hate him for it.
I mean, I love him.
Well, umm...
Even if he won't accept me, even if he comesto like someone besides me, I can forgive him.
But...
I won't forgive the fact that he likes someone else.
Ever.
Five years ago, Saika disappeared.
But, as you can tell from its posts, it's still full of love.
Wait, Shinra.
I remember!
I've met that guy who had this knife!
He's a reporter.
His name is...
And yet, I shouldn't use other people after all.
This is proof that to be loved, you have to make a move all on your own.
I thought my father would do much better than all the others...
But he didn't.
That's why I'm going to settle things myself.
With you, my rival in love.
That...That man was your father...?
He's Niekawa Shuji, the guy who was slashed in front of his own house.
I wonder what's up with that.
Are you alright?
You...don't feel like you're being possessed or anything, do you?
No, I'm fine.
This isn't Saika.
I mean, look.
How could an ethereal sword that's been on record for decades have been made in 2009?
What's going on?
I definitely... Please believe me!
I believe you, Celty.
Like I'd ever doubt you.
Maybe that Niekawa guy knew about the Saika legend and was just copycatting it.
Or maybe—
More importantly, if this isn't Saika, then...
There must be other Saikas.
Right now, somewhere, possessing people and slashing them.
Oh yeah, what about the chat room? What's happening with that?
But I don't have any feelings for Mr. Nasujima...
It doesn't matter what you think of Takashi, Sonohara.
I'm just doing what's right for my love.
I don't love you, but this thing right here, Saika, will do a good job of loving you.
I failed. I failed.
My sister was...
There are more Saikas...
Infinitely more...
If we had to analyze the situation, we could make only one hypothesis.
Imagine this, Celty:
What do you want after you've loved someone to the fullest extent?
I don't know. Isn't that enough?!
What if you were human?
Next, you'd want something that you could both love.
It couldn't be...
Yes, Saika can breed.
It impregnates the souls of the people it slashes.
Wait a minute.
We should log this chat.
You're going to find Shizuo, right?
IIIzaaayaaa!
Leeet's gooo haaang ouu—
Why're you here, Shizu-chan?
To punch you, obviously!
And why do I have to be punched?
Because you pissed me off.
T/L Note: "Gianism" originates from Doraemon. Basically, it's like a the-strongest-are-the-only-one-that-should-be-heard philosophy.
You shouldn't be spouting one hundred percent Gianist crap at your age, Shizu-chan.
Shut up!
Just how involved in this are you?
What's all this coming out of the blue?
I'm talking about the Slasher incidents that have my city in an uproar.
What a horrible accusation.
If there's an incomprehensible and dangerous event, ninety-nine percent of the time you're behind it!
Would you be nice enough to believe in the remaining one percent?
I figured you wouldn't.
I've looked up some things about you.
You're a pathetic excuse for a human.
You've been clinging to Harima Mika like a sycophant since middle school.
And you make eyes at any guy you pass.
Oh, that's right. I heard your parents were killed five years ago.
How do I get out of here?
You said you didn't see the perpetrator,
even though you were in the same room as your parents.
It's simple.
I should just think like I always do—that this has nothing to do with me.
There's no way you couldn't see that burglar.
I wonder why you're the only one who was spared?
Oh, I know. It's because you made eyes at him, too.
Even though you were only in elementary school...
Maybe he had a Lolita complex?
Right...?
It must be easy living like a parasite.
Since you get to leech off people.
It's not easy at all.
What?
It's not easy at all...being dependent upon others.
I think likening me to a parasite is a good analogy.
But, do you realize how much you have to sacrifice just so you don't get removed?
So, you got Takashi to like you at your own expense?
No. Mr. Nasujima...
...wasn't worth it.
Huuuh.
I see.
Then, die.
A friend of yours?
This is great. I'll stab your friend right in front of you.
I'll deal with you after that.
Wow...
Celty? Why are you...?
What's this?
Did you plan this as well?
If I had the power to know when Celty was going to randomly show up, I would've dropped a meteorite on your house a long time ago.
How can he be so keen despite being as dumb as a protozoan?
And that's why...I absolutely hate Shizu-chan.
Niekawa?!
Takashi!
Takashi!
Takashi! Takashi! Takashi!
I no longer have any time for you.
I'll just have everyone else kill you.
Everyone else...?
This really isn't the time for them to be dealing with you.
Since they still have something important to do.
I love...Shizuo...
I love...Shizuo...
Hey, Shinra. Just how many Saikas are supposed to come to Southern Ikebukuro Park?
I don't know.
But, Celty...
One of them has to be the original Saika.
Just find that one.
Alright.
So that's the "mother."
I wanted to meet you, Heiwajima Shizuo.
You truly are a sight to behold.
It's just as our mother said;
Everyone knows that my sister was defeated.
The Internet's quite convenient, no?
The mother isn't here, then?
Why?
It was difficult in the beginning for us to learn to speak...
Now our consciousness is just as well defined as our mother's.
Well now, Shizuo, show all of us just how strong you are!
Then we'll all love each other!
We won't let anyone—not even that monster over there—interfere.
The police won't even come!
They're rather busy right now.
Because my sisters are out increasing our numbers all over the place!
Can I ask you something?
What is it?
Why...do you like me so much?
Because you're strong.
We want your ridiculous strength...
So that we can love all of humanity.
Just like humans covet superior genes.
Besides, there's no human out there who'd love you, is there?
However, we'll love you.
Pull yourself together, Shizuo!
If you don't think you can do it, I'll make it so that you can get away!
No, Celty. Actually, I'm happy.
I've hated this power so much.
I thought...no one would accept me for who I am.
However...
All these people—how many of you are there?
Well, we'll just say there are a lot.
So, I guess it's okay.
I guess it's okay to recognize my own existence now.
I guess it's okay to like myself now.
This power that I absolutely hated and wanted to rid myself of...
I guess it's okay to use all of it now.
By the way...
You guys definitely aren't, never have, and never will be my type.
Anyway, the only person I hate more than you is Izaya.
Shinra, there's something I've been wondering.
You said Saika disappeared five years ago, right?
Why is that?
What happened five years ago?
I doubt it was on vacation or anything...
There's a possibility that someone strong could have been suppressing Saika.
Someone strong...
I've been thinking about you this whole time.
You reciprocated my love, didn't you?
You were even nice enough to use me for money,
And throw me away when you were done with me.
I accepted all that, forgave you, and loved you.
But, you know...it wasn't enough.
It got to the point where that just wasn't enough.
That's when Saika started talking to me.
Just like this...
If I were to give you my blood...little by little...
Hey...
Will today be the day...
...that you accept my love?
Wait!
Please stop it, Niekawa.
Stop hurting people with that blade...
How'd you get away?
Please stop it.
Whatever. I'm sure you had to be saved by someone again.
But I don't want to hear that from you, Sonohara...
From someone so weak she has to live off others like a parasite.
It's not like all I could do was depend on someone else to live.
I chose to live this way.
That's all.
Hmph, you're just splitting hairs.
I don't want you deciding whether people are strong or weak based solely on how they live!
Hey, Sonohara, have you ever loved someone before?
It's impossible for you, isn't it?
There's no way you can understand me.
You know, I control this Saika with the power of love. The power of love.
When it first told me to slash Takashi, I resisted with all my might.
But, after listening to it, I understood.
That's why Saika and I have become the mother.
We'll make tons and tons of children and pass on our love! The power of love!
All to control the human race.
You're right that I can't love anyone.
Ever since that day five years ago, I've been too scared to love anyone.
That's why I depend on others to live.
No way!
Just like you propagate Saika's children by slashing people,
your Saika is also a child of that blade.
This is the original.
I can't love anyone.
That's why I...
...rely on Saika to love people for me.
No...
I live by feeding off it!
That's a lie...that's the truth...
When a dismal past mixes with the present, she receives an incomparable power.
It was an incomparable routine.
Next Time: The Mutability of Life.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
Amazing...
This is cooler than Kamizakura-machi Ginza.
I don't know too much about him, but there are lots of other dangerous people around, so be careful.
Oh yeah, I saw it today.
That black bike.
We haven't had a teenage girl in a long time.
Yeah, thanks to the info we got.
At that moment, I noticed I was trembling.
Is the reality you perceive truly the only one?
The scenery you're used to never changes...
Congratulations on your matriculation, everyone.
At the moment, unpleasant topics like the low birthrate and the widening gap between the rich and poor are on the lips of all Japanese.
However, were those people to gaze upon everyone at this ceremony, I'm sure they'd conclude that Japan's future is a bright one.
They'd be assured that Japan is still salvageable.
It would give them strength.
This day will be one you all will remember. However, at the same time...
You don't really believe that an everyday occurrence is unfolding here right now, do you?
I'm Ryugamine Mikado.
A shy boy who's just come to Tokyo...
I'm Sonohara Anri. It's nice to meet you all.
...a somewhat aloof girl.
I'm Kida Masaomi!
I may look like an adult, but I'm just as fragile and vulnerable on the inside as any other fifteen year-old.
A boy who looks to be the only happy one in the group.
I'm Kamichika Rio. I hope the year goes well.
A mysterious girl;
These sorts of people are all around you.
Uhh, Harima...
Is Harima Mika here?
Absent, huh...
It was a banal scene anyone could swear they've seen before.
Oh, starting the school year off by being late, are we?
We're in the middle of self-introductions.
Make yours from where you're standing.
I'm Yagiri Seiji. I hope the year goes well.
But, thanks to unexpected developments, another heretofore unseen reality can sometimes peer in on the present one.
Well then, Yagiri, you can sit down now.
I won't need to.
Huh?
I don't think I'll be coming to school for a while—no, I might not come ever again.
Huh?
That's all I came to say.
Excuse me.
Hey, Yagiri, what in the world...
It is what it is.
It's something that's very important to me.
I have no time to waste with the likes of you.
Please, excuse me.
Yagiri, wait. I said, "wait!"
People are shocked when cracks suddenly appear in their peaceful, everyday lives.
And one girl here has peered into those cracks.
She should have died two days ago.
This girl was just like everyone else, born into a normal family.
She had no problems or inconveniences in her life.
However, when she became a middle school student, something arrived at her house.
What was in it?
Pictures.
Apparently my father was cheating on my mother, and they show him with some other woman.
And there was a note, too.
Something like, "Could you forgive this kind of thing?"
I guess it was sent by someone who knew the woman.
Of course your father did something terrible, but that person isn't much better.
I didn't know what to do, so I decided to hide them.
Ever since then, seeing my parents interact seemed gross somehow.
It must have been tough on you.
Hm? Something wrong, Rio?
I endured it for a whole six months.
I figured it'd be better if everything were out in the open.
When it comes to things like that, you shouldn't push yourself too hard.
There are certain things I don't really want to talk about, either.
I'm fine.
I want her to know.
I can't believe they confiscated our cell phones!
What?!
I couldn't do anything.
But nothing changed.
I don't know if my mother just hasn't said anything or they talked it over while I wasn't around.
That's happened to you too, right, Rio?
Not even my father's lame jokes or the overly-sweet taste of my mother's boiled vegetables.
So I thought, "Why don't I just try leaving this world?"
That's a lot like me.
I might not be in as bad a position as you, Magenta, but...
What happened?
I was dating someone, but she ended up doing it with my father...
How horrible.
But, the person I can't forgive at all is my mother.
What did she say?
"This kind of thing happens all the time, and we'll just lose face if you make a big deal about it."
She wouldn't say anything about how she felt.
And...I feel like that means our family's image is more important than me.
But, I guess she could've been thinking about my future...
I don't think so.
I wonder...
She's not thinking about you at all, Nakura.
She's just thinking about herself!
Dinner's ready.
Okay.
Miss Magenta, why don't we disappear together?
If we both die, then maybe they'll understand how we feel.
And what they should truly value the most.
It seems like a stupid idea now, but that's how she felt when she left.
She was spurred on by Nakura's words and wanted to meet someone who was thinking the same kinds of things she was.
Even if she were being deceived, there was nothing for her to lose.
I'm great with girls, so...
Or so she believed.
Yes?
Are you "Magenta?"
Yes.
Oh, then are you "Nakura?"
Great! I knew it was you.
As soon as she saw his face...
Nice to meet you.
She thought, "This isn't Nakura, is it?"
Please take care of me.
Yet she followed him because she wouldn't be able to forgive herself if she turned back.
It's nice to meet you as well.
Let's go.
Okay...
That's why, even when this happened...
Hello.
Hello.
Are we in the clear?
No one's around.
Well then, sorry to deceive you!
She was overcome with such emotions as surprise, protest, and regret...
But right before she passed out, she thought...
"This is my fate. It's time."
"I'm going to disappear from this world...without anyone knowing."
However...
You're in a place like this by yourself?
While she was unconscious, the world was still moving...
Well, it doesn't seem like that difficult of a job.
Still, take care.
Without any concern for her thoughts or wishes.
It's no good.
I just can't scrape together that kind of money.
I'm not saying I won't pay it back.
But, if something were to happen to me, I don't know if Mr. Shiki from the Awakusu Association would keep quiet.
You old fart!
I don't have time for this.
It's not that I'm busy; I just don't want to spend more than 2.5 minutes of my life with you!
Oh, and one more guy you—
Hm?
Hey, I doubt I have to remind an excellent courier like yourself, but...
You don't have to do anything more than I've asked of you.
Just mess up the other guys a bit.
Anyway, I'm counting on you!
The world moves.
Although, not necessarily in the direction in which the girl believed her fate to lie.
Hey.
Wh-What the hell are you?!
It said, "I was told to take you to a certain place."
The bike made no sound as it moved, yet sometimes whinnied like a horse.
It felt decidedly unlike reality.
However, this feeling of a body pressing against her was unmistakably real.
The girl thought about the person on the other side of that warmth.
What are they thinking? What do they know? What was their life like?
What did she look like in the eyes of this person?
Okay.
Miss Magenta!
Nice to meet you.
I'm Nakura.
Are you really Nakura?
I'm the same Nakura who wants to just disappear.
Nice to meet you.
Are you the one who saved me?
Yes, that's me.
Thank you very much.
Were you afraid?
Yes...
It must've been tough on you.
Yes...
But, how did you know?
Because I'm the one who had you kidnapped, Miss Magenta.
I'm also the one who had you saved.
I don't get it...
You were going to kill yourself, but somehow regretted being scared when you got kidnapped...
But, if you were to resist, then you'd be contradicting your will to die...
So you decided to accept this as your fate, but you're actually relieved to have been saved.
I wanted to see the expression on your face after all that.
To put it simply, I wanted to see your expression after I rendered you speechless by knowing what you're thinking.
Why...?
Why?
Let me see...
I assume my response will sound quite philosophical to you.
So, to avoid that type of explanation, I'll just say it's because I like humans.
Humans are so interesting, so intriguing.
Oh, but I simply like humans, not you in particular.
That's the important part.
It...was all a lie...?
Do you finally understand your role?
Come on.
Lots of people have jumped from this building.
Not enough to make it famous, but I hear you'll definitely die if you jump from here.
I mean, look at that splotch down there.
You think you're special, don't you?
Well, you're not. Everyone's the same.
There's no one who can live their whole life being completely uncorrupted.
I mean, you have at least one or two secrets, don't you?
Have you ever thought about why you're so good and your parents are so bad?
Well...
If you'd so kindly let me give away the answer, it's because even if you're cheating on someone or you're being cheated on,
everyone laughs at bad jokes and eats over-sweet boiled vegetables.
Take a look around.
No matter what sort of worries you have, everyone's just a simple splotch.
Splotches.
No exceptions.
Everyone.
All equal before God.
Shall I let go of you?
See.
I'm glad I could see the full and awkward spectrum of your emotions today.
I'm not really interested in your personal problems, but how you behave when you're worrying.
By the way, your behavior was as boring as I expected.
I guess that's because I knew from the start that you didn't want to die.
Bye, then. I had fun, Miss Magenta.
She hesitated for an instant.
She figured that by jumping, she could somehow hurt that man.
However, she also thought...
"I may have just been waiting for the opportunity."
"And that man's words are that opportunity..."
But, unbeknownst to her...
Umm...
Why?
I said you didn't have to do that...
The girl thought about her mother and father.
About her father, about his mistress...
About both her parents.
Everyone has their own private time.
Maybe that wasn't as malicious, calculating, or colored with hatred as she had thought.
Maybe it really wasn't a compromise or a way to cover up weakness.
Ever since that day, she viewed the world differently.
There are as many memories and secrets as there are people.
That realization was finally palpable to her.
Where should we go?
I'll take you anywhere you want to, so pay for my meal.
Alright then, how about a book store?
Well, you can find a book store on any corner...
Even people like these two, whom you can find anywhere, probably have their secrets.
Well, let's go home first, then...
They have thoughts they don't want anyone to hear.
Please, wait!
Yagiri, isn't there something—
I don't know!
Bu-But...being absent your first day of school...
I said I don't know!
Wait!
Umm...
Is something wrong?
I wonder what happened...
I'm such a sinful man.
Huh?
That girl with the glasses is totally into me.
She was totally feeling unsure about the dangerous and risky days she'll have with me.
Could you speak in Japanese for me?
For him, as well as her, reality isn't necessarily what you see.
And so she thought...
"Will I be able to tell this to someone someday?"
"That the world isn't as terrible as you think it is."
I didn't hear anything about you becoming a crusader for justice.
I thought I'd simply asked an excellent courier to do her job...
As if!
A simple information dealer such as myself isn't that evil.
Although, I don't know if you could call someone who stops a person who wants to die from killing themselves "good."
I had fun, you excellent courier.
Ikebukuro:
He, she, you, and I all come to this town searching for something, seeking something, wanting to change something.
Next time: Running Rampant
Do you want to eat sushi? Sushi's good.
Long time no see, mister.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
I heard that some Raira Academy students were attacked by the Slasher!
But make her body the center of it all...
And throw those around her into the fire.
Haruna, did you make sure to eat?
The strongest in Ikebukuro?
Yeah, the strongest.
If I weren't the headless rider, I'd be dead right now.
Alright, I'm gonna kill him!
I'll hunt him down and kill him!
Shizuo!
I'm flying...
I'm flying?!
All I wanted was to learn.
About Ikebukuro;
about the source of energy for this refuse-packed city,
about the truth behind this city that continues to swell with desire every day.
That's mine!
And...about the strongest man in town.
About six months ago, I was writing a seasonal feature story about the troubled times in Tokyo.
And I met a man while researching the legendary strongest person in Ikebukuro.
The air; the air around him was different.
That's the only way I can describe—
You ass, making me resort to violence!
Are you a god?! Are you just pretending to be one?! Huh?!
Hey, Shizuo, we're going.
Okay.
Who's next?
That teacher who sexually harasses his students.
Amazing.
Amidst my everyday life of writing gossip articles for a third-rate magazine, he'd revived that pure feeling I'd felt during my younger days.
A curiosity.
Yes, an intense curiosity.
I wanted to know everything about him.
However...
Due to the uproar that followed soon after, my article was postponed.
I don't know the specifics of the incident, but it seemed there were more evil spirits writhing in this magic capital...
And something was about to happen.
So, this strongest man had to be involved in some way.
As I'd resumed reporting for that feature article on Ikebukuro,
I decided to start collecting information from those around him.
Oh, Shizuo?
He's a good friend.
Have some salmon roe.
Umm, I didn't order that...
Oh, Shizuo's friends are my friends.
Thanks for your purchase.
Does he use that kind of Japanese on purpose?
The strongest...?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Shizuo's a good guy.
Have you ever seen him in the middle of a fight or something?
Oh, fighting isn't good.
Peace is good.
You should look.
Giant clam is good? One order of giant clam!
Wait...!
It's useless, sir.
Simon's a pacifist, so there's no use talking about fights.
No, I was just asking him who the strongest person in the city is...
You should ask a field expert about something like that...
If you really want to know...
The strongest in Ikebukuro, you say?
Yes, I heard from someone that you're particularly knowledgeable of matters in this field.
If you're talking about fights, you do understand that that era has already passed, don't you?
We now use our brains more than our bodies.
Yes, it's clean work.
"Clean," huh?
Of course, were someone to make us look like fools, that'd be the end of it.
If someone wants to start a fight, then it doesn't matter whether they're an amateur, they have a blade, or they try to muscle us out;
We'll thoroughly crush them.
However...
The ones who act out are amateur brats, not pros like us.
Yes, like the Dollars or the Yellow Scarves.
Well, as long as they don't interfere with our business, we won't touch them.
Recently, people of urban legend like the headless rider or the Slasher have appeared...
Hmph, I guess it's him.
The strongest person in this city is...
Heiwajima Shizuo.
So you do think it's him, sir?
I've heard he puts up a clean fight.
Either way, there's an information dealer who's more knowledgeable about this kind of thing than we are.
Is that true?
Would you please introduce me to him?
It's not like I'm asking for anything in return...
But, as for our line of business...
You understand, don't you?
So, who told you about me?
Well, I can't reveal my sources...
Whatever.
You're here for that "troubled times in Tokyo" thing, right? They showcase things like strange happenings and gang member introductions.
So, the next issue's about Ikebukuro?
Since you know all that, that makes things easier.
Actually, I'm thinking of writing an article that decides who the strongest person in Ikebukuro is.
The strongest, huh...
There are tons of strong people in that city...
In a bare-fisted fight, it would be Simon from that sushi place.
If there aren't any rules, it'd be Shizu-chan.
Sh-Shizu-chan?!
I mean Heiwajima Shizuo.
You came to ask about him, didn't you?
Well, yes...
As for Shizuo...
He's unpleasant.
Huh?
It's enough for me just to know something about him.
I try to learn some things about him since I'm no good at dealing with him...
But that's unpleasant, so I don't want to talk about it.
Could you please try?
By the way, Mr. Niekawa...
How's your daughter?
As her parent, you must have been worried that she had to transfer over something like that.
You're the magazine writer who, six months ago, came into contact with Heiwajima Shizuo and ended up in the sky along with a streetlight.
If you go sniffing out things around that city,
you might end up interfering with my work...
Just who are—
I'm sure you're already aware of it...
But there have been some dangerous occurrences in that city.
Do they have anything to do with the conflict between the Dollars and the Yellow Scarves—
That's part of it, as are the Slasher incidents that started it.
The Slasher?
Even though there's already one uncontrollable urban legend here...
Oh, that's right.
If you want to know more about HeiwajimaShizuo, I can introduce you to a close friend of his.
Mr. Orihara the information dealer introduced me to a rather odd individual.
Oh yeah, here's a piece of advice:
You shouldn't talk to Shizuo about his younger brother.
If only I'd known that six months ago.
I was caught off-guard by the mention of my daughter.
I have a daughter who's in her second year of high school.
We've been living by ourselves since my wife ran off.
Honestly, I don't think she looks up to me.
She's the reason I started writing articles just for the money.
Hello, I'm Celty the courier.
That's...
Shizuo's a trustworthy friend. At least to me he is.
I guess he can be scary when you make him mad, though.
Actually, I'm planning to write about who the best fighter is...
The magazine you work for really likes that kind of thing, huh?
You publish motorcycle gang rankings and whatnot.
Well, thank you...
Anyway, there are some people around town who'd consider you the strongest person here.
It looks like she's laughing...
As if! Shizuo's way stronger than me!
He's so insane it's almost moving!
How do I put this...
It's not just about fighting or combat styles...
Maybe you'd understand if I said he's a lone wolf or has magic powers.
Or maybe, "He's an alien?"
That doesn't quite work...
That sounds like a little gray alien experienced something traumatic.
Anyway, no matter how well-trained a fighter you are,
if you get shot, you're done for.
That's it!
His strength is like that of a gun!
Comparing them was nonsense from the start...
I was moved.
I'd experienced Heiwajima Shizuo's strength with my own body.
For an urban legend herself to speak so highly of him...
Right, that strength is of another dimension.
Perhaps, due to a cranial process involving adrenaline...
He's able to utilize some supreme power.
The momentary power that transcends the limits of humans is completely off the charts.
I understand.
Um...this is just out of curiosity, but...
What is it?
If possible, could you please show me what's under your helmet?
You don't have to if you don't—
No way...That can't be...
That's it; Ms. Celty must be a magician.
After I pulled myself together, I continued my investigation.
I kept hearing rumors about the rivalry between the Dollars and the Yellow Scarves.
They said that the leader of the Yellow Scarves—their shogun...
Would move on the Dollars, who assume they're being ignored.
So, what kind of guy is he?
I dunno.
I doubt the young members of the Yellow Scarves know, either.
The only thing I know about the shogun's true identity is that he's ordered everyone not to get involved with Orihara Izaya.
It couldn't be...
That strongest...
The recurring Slasher incidents...
The Yellow Scarves apparently believe that the Dollars are behind it all.
I'd heard that a single girl was spared in the incident a few days ago, where some high school girls were attacked here.
I unconsciously likened that girl to my own daughter.
A father who'd risk his life to protect his daughter from the Slasher...
However, right now my daughter is like an alien to me who I have no hope of understanding.
This is no good.
Today's the day I go face-to-face...with the daughter I love.
Did you hear?
The victim of today's Slasher attack...
Was apparently writing an article on Tokyo's troubled times for "Tokyo Warrior."
Whoa.
So he's a magazine journalist?
Eh?! Really?!
C'mon...have I ever lied to you before?
Is he alright?
Do you know him, Setton?
Uh, no...
I'm a fan of the article.
Huh, maybe I should read it sometime.
Anyway, that's pretty scary.
I wish the police the best of luck.
It's here!!
Huh?
Eh?
It cut!
I'm the one who wants to cut you!
Evenin', Saika.
It's no use, Setton. It won't reply to anything we say.
That's rather eerie.
Cutting people and all that...
With this whole Slasher thing...
Ahahaha.
Nice.
Eh?
Eh?
Do you know Shizuo?
Eat up, Anri.
You'll get fat, Anri.
It's alright, I'll just exercise.
I was joking. Eat up.
We'll be together forever, won't we, Mom and Dad?
The girl had a dream every night...
Of a happy family; one you'd find in a drawing.
However, that was a fleeting illusion.
Her parents died five years ago...
In a horrible accident.
As the only survivor, she still has those dreams...
Dreams of that happy family she never had.
The tragedy that stole her parents away...
Was the first incident the Slasher ever caused.
Anri...
You're already making preparations for the sports festival?
Are you sure you're okay?
Y-Yes...
She thought she was a cunning person.
She could plainly see what his ulterior motive was...
Yet she never faced it head-on...
She'd close off her heart and simply wait for the situation to pass.
...might come after you again.
It's dangerous to go out alone.
Are you sexually harassing her again?
We can't have that now, can we?
She knew that she was leeching off of him.
Masaomi!
Sonohara!
Enter the coward.
Sorry. Were you waiting?
I thought I'd turn into a fossil waiting for you!
Eh?
Square root of three points.
A square root? What's a square root?
At least make your criticism easy to understand with something like "minus twenty points."
When I awoke, I was in a hospital bed.
It's okay. You'll get better if you just take it easy for a while.
You have to stay here for about one week, and after that...
There was a gap...in my memory.
No, you shouldn't get up!
I don't have time for this now.
Wait Mr. Niekawa!
See you!
See you tomorrow!
See you tomorrow.
The voice inside me told me to "watch over her."
Mr. Niekawa from room five still hasn't come back.
That's too bad.
I hope his wounds don't open back up.
I'll kill it.
Shizuo,
I appreciate your concern, but you don't have to come if you don't want to.
This is my own problem.
First off, the Slasher won't necessarily be out tonight—
I'll never forgive that Slasher bastard.
Whether it's an ethereal sword or something else, breaking a katana means it dies, right?
Although even if it doesn't die, I'll kill it.
I'll kill it.
Hm?
Calm down, Shizuo!
This isn't the time to get involved with guys like...
You have something to say, you insect?
We'd like to say hello to that cockroach over there.
Listen, looks can kill.
Huh?!
There's at least a 0.000000000000000675% chance that someone can die from a curse or a stare.
Huh?!
How many zeros was that?!
Hey, bartender...
A b-bartender...
It couldn't be...
So you can't complain if I hurl you into the air and you die, right?!
Niekawa Haruna...
What was with Mr. Nasujima's reaction...?
Excuse me, miss.
It's already eleven o'clock.
It's time for students to be going home.
S-Sorry!
I'll go home right away.
Are you alright?
If you live around here, I can take you home.
Umm...Well...
We've received an emergency call stating that a fight has broken out in Eastern Ikebukuro Central Park.
You've been dispatched, so please hurry.
Understood. We're going.
Let's go, Mr. Kuzuhara.
Sorry, miss.
If you feel like it, just wait at the police box and I'll take you home when I get back.
Stop that!
Stop thinking that replacing the normal characters for "moment" with more pretentious ones will make the sentence look cool!
You're were that age where you wanted to look at things from a different angle, weren't you, Yuma-chi?
And stop thinking that simply by rejecting the worldview of a normal adult
that it will score you points with middle and high school students going through their rebellious stage!
Thinking that rejecting philosophy and society will make you look cool is so shallow, huh?
It's pretty rare for Yumasaki to be bad-mouthing a book.
What're you reading?
Well...
A novel that he self-published a while back.
I might not be in a position to say anything, since I was sleeping, but one of our comrades was attacked.
Let's be serious about gathering our information.
But, unlike Kaztano, we don't even know this person.
Even if they are a member of the Dollars...
At least try to sympathize with others a little bit.
I think it's sad, but I've locked that feeling away.
I don't want to forgive the Slasher, but I've locked that feeling away.
Anyway, why did we join the Dollars?
Don't you want to lead peaceful lives?
I want to have a cute, green-haired daughter in a foreign land...
And when we return to Japan, I'll live happily with three beautiful sisters!
It'd be nice if such a modest life were possible.
Is that "Yotsuba&!"?
Come to think of it, it was around here, right?
The place where the Slasher appeared.
What a reckless kid.
That's the type of kid who's most susceptible.
Uh, this might be bad.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
That guy back there had red eyes.
Huh?!
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
I was just reliving a traumatic experience.
What am I doing...?
Togusa!
Yeah!
Floor it.
What's up?
Hey, where are we going, Celty?!
Did he die?
You're horrible, Kadota!
This is how you act right after saying you want to live in peace?!
I had no other choice.
Either way, it was self-defense...
Run!
The headless rider and...
Shizuo?!
D-Dotachin! He's...!
Are you some kind of monster?!
You're...Heiwajima Shizuo?
I've wanted to meet you, Shizuo.
I've wanted to meet you, Shizuo.
Heiwajima Shizuo...
I love you very, very, very, very much, Shizuo.
I get it. I'm going to kill you.
That's right. I'm going to interview Heiwajima Shizuo, the strongest...
If I can write a good article, everything's bound to go well.
My wife will come back.
My strained relationship with my daughter will get better, too.
It'll be like the good ol' days...
Definitely...
The Slasher incidents were supposed to have ended after that.
Yet they didn't.
Rather, it signaled the beginning of her destiny.
It's turned into a long, long night.
Next Time: Mutual Love.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
Your BFF, Ryugamine Mikado, is the leader of the Dollars.
Please take me to that meeting.
We'll take you up on your offer to fight.
If there's a faction that's friends with the black biker and is targeting the Yellow Scarves...
It'll simply turn into a real conflict if things keep going like this.
I'll remove that crap from reality!
We're the Yellow Scarves!
I didn't quit back then.
At the time, why didn't I...?
Did Masaomi...say anything?
Kida?
No, I haven't seen him yet.
It's not like I suspect him or anything.
You guys said you didn't tell anyone that I'm in the Dollars, right?
Oh...yeah.
This isn't something you should feel responsible for.
I've...decided to quit the Dollars.
It's stopped being colorless.
I see...
I've been thinking about it for a while, but maybe you're in the—
No!
Alright.
That day, he said:
"But once you step into that world, it'll only take about three days for that to seem normal, too."
"If you truly want to escape from everyday life, you've no other choice but to keep evolving."
"No matter whether you're aiming higher or lower."
I decided to keep evolving.
But...
Is this...the result?
Your call will be forwarded to an answering machine.
So, weren't you listening?
I said, "No more fighting."
But...
...Didn't I?
Sh-Shogun! Is it alright to keep going on like this?
It's a fact that the headless rider is part of the Dollars!
You just want us to grin and bear it while they make us look like idiots?!
Plus, the Dollars' leader might show himself if we keep this up.
I'll investigate the identity of the Dollars' leader a bit longer.
Don't do anything until I find out something more concrete.
Got it?!
Either way, you can't stop us.
It's nothing to worry about.
Even if that hadn't happened,
it probably would have turned out like this anyway.
I wonder...
There are lots of fights like that in this city...
And it's nobody's fault that someone who goes to the same school as you got attacked.
So don't worry about it.
The Dollars...
Are you one of them?
Got it?
Alright, I'm leaving this private conversation.
Okay?
Huh?!
Hey, you!
You're not going to say anything even after you bumped into me?!
Wait...
Heiwajima...
Shizu—
Yeah.
Huh?!
It's such a nice night.
Hey, Shizuo!
Yo.
Sorry about that.
He's also in the Dollars, right?
Yeah, he was at that gathering six months ago.
Idiot! Heiwajima Shizuo and that black guy from Russia Sushi are exceptions!
Don't lay a hand on them unless you want to die.
Yo.
Uh, hello.
You're alone?
Kida isn't with you?
Did you want to talk to Masaomi?
Not really. It's just dangerous roaming around by yourself.
A Raira student got attacked, you know.
Did you know him?
I see...
Th-Thank you very much.
This town's been in an uproar ever since that thing with the Slasher.
I heard that the Yellow Scarves are gunning for the Dollars...
The Dollars haven't attacked anyone.
The boss hasn't issued any real orders, either.
It seems that some people are worried about that...
Well, it's just a rumor anyway.
Are you in the Dollars, Kadota?
No. Why?
I've been wondering if it's really okay for the Dollars to exist.
Is the Dollars really necessary?
Who knows...
Even Mikado...
I see.
So, you were having a private conversation with Saika—Sonohara Anri.
Except she wouldn't respond to you no matter how much you typed.
Well, I figured she'd be depressed, seeing as how things are.
However...
What about her cell phone?
Can you reach her?
It seems like she turned it off.
Anyway, what's up with Kanra?
He's just writing stuff that'll make Anri worried...
By Anri, you mean the Sonoharas' daughter?
Yeah...
The daughter of that antique salesman who sold Saika...
The leader of the Dollars is her classmate,
and she has a friend in the Yellow Scarves as well.
Anri doesn't know that Mikado is the leader of the Dollars.
Anyway, the three of them are friends, and neither the Dollars kid nor the Yellow Scarves kid know about her.
Probably...
I haven't asked her much about it.
Sorry, but please don't ask.
I'm sorry.
A regular gathering of the triumvirate.
So, what're you going to do?
I can't say anything if Anri's going to stay quiet, can I?
All I can do is pray for their safety.
Heyoooo!
It's Kanra!
Oh my, there's not a soul around.
You didn't leave me behind to go do something fun, did you?
Hmph!
But, that's okay.
I'm basking in my praise!
The game's getting really interesting, so I'll log off, too!
Bye byes!
A number of days passed.
I haven't been to the Dollars' website since.
The uproar that's gripped the city is apparently still going on.
However, my everyday life here hasn't changed.
Also, Takeguchi was released from the hospital.
If I stay like this, I can live in peace.
This is my everyday life.
But...
Huh? Kida's already gone home.
Thanks for visiting me.
Um...
This is it for me today.
I see...
Then...
See you tomorrow.
Hey, you're in the Dollars, aren't you?
N-No I'm not!
Of course you are.
Eh?
Huh?
Please run while you can.
What're you doing?!
A-Are you going to betray us?!
Mother has asked us...
Mother has asked us to put a stop to you.
If it looks like anyone from the Yellow Scarves is about to attack someone in the Dollars, please stop them.
Yes. I understand, Mother.
Please, I'm counting on you.
Huh?
It's my fault.
It's my fault that Kida...
Is there anyone in the Yellow Scarves who can hear my voice?
I have to do something.
I have to...
I have to do something.
Hello?
Queen to C-Ke-6.
Black to G-Ka-6.
Good, good.
This is getting interesting.
Hey! Spit it out! C'mon!
I-I really don't have any idea...
What? I can't hear you...
You don't remember, huh? Don't screw with us!
It's the truth!
That's enough.
But we need to make an example of them for—
Do you really not remember anything?
When we came to, everyone was angry at us...
It's true! It's true!
Could it be hypnosis?
Like, "You're getting very sleepy?"
It may actually have been hypnosis.
Huh?
I mean...Right?
Yeah...
If the Dollars have the headless rider, hypnosis should be easy for them.
Umm...
What is it?
Sir, I saw them with a girl.
A girl?
Now that you mention it...
I did, too.
I feel like they started acting weird after meeting with that girl.
What's she look like?
Sir, she wore a Raira uniform...
had glasses...
a-and big breasts...
The girl on the headless rider's bike also wore glasses, didn't she?
No...
She had big tits, too.
It couldn't be...
You got a pretty good look despite the situation, huh?
It couldn't be...
Alright, let's capture this girl and—
No!
I told you already...
No more fighting!
If we bring her into this, then—
You all understand, don't you?
Don't start anything until I say it's okay.
Yes, sir!
It's not true.
It's not true, is it?
I mean...
I mean...
She...
Anri...
If you show them to Mika...
Really? Then I'll show her my notes.
I don't even remember her!
You're useless.
Huh?
What is it?
Something's weird.
That's right, neither Masaomi nor Sonohara are here.
So this is how vast this city feels when you're alone.
I remember thinking I wanted to go home when I first got here.
But I met lots of people and experienced many things while Masaomi was showing me around,
so I feel like this city has become my own now.
Yet...
There have to be members of the Dollars amongst them...
Ryugamine?
What timing!
I have something to ask you.
U-Um, Harima...
What did you need to ask me?
Oh, that's right.
What's gotten into Anri recently?
What do you mean, "What's gotten into her?"
Ryugamine, you haven't noticed at all?
Huh? Noticed what?
It seems like something's been bothering Anri recently.
That obviously made me worry, so I asked her what was wrong, but she just kept saying, "I'm fine."
Anri's always been the type to bottle stuff up, so I'm worried.
I hadn't noticed at all.
So I figured that she might have told you something.
No, I haven't heard anything...
Hmm. I see.
I'll ask her later.
If you find out anything, tell me.
Okay.
That's all.
Let's go, Seiji!
Ryugamine.
You love Sonohara, don't you?
Well, er, um...Why?
Don't play dumb. Anyone can tell by looking at you.
If you truly love her, don't turn a blind eye to her.
No matter what you learn about your partner or see her do, don't turn a blind eye to it.
Don't let go of the arms that embrace you.
That's your responsibility as a lover.
See you.
Wow! I'll also fulfill my responsibility to love you!
Yagiri's a weird guy...
...but I thought he seemed kind of cool.
Damn! Unbelievable...
That little brat acting all tough...
Yeah, there's something weird going on.
Oh, Horada!
Huh?
Over there!
Hm?
Oh?
A Raira uniform...
Glasses...
No matter what you learn or see...
...don't turn a blind eye.
Take...
I had no idea...that Sonohara was worried about anything.
What about Masaomi?
Did he notice?
I might not have noticed anything because I've only been thinking about myself.
Concerning Sonohara as well as the Dollars...
What...do I know about the Dollars?
Why didn't I...quit the Dollars back then?
I'm leaving the Dollars.
Don't keep writing that!
I'll kill the Yellow Scarves.
That's why our leader needs to do something!
Who's our leader, anyway?!
Do you think the Dollars should exist?
We don't need it anymore.
You're just saying you're quitting, aren't you?
I said, "Don't keep writing that!"
I don't want it to go away. That's why I want our leader to do something about it.
Our leader should take some responsibility, since he started the Dollars.
What responsibility? No one's above or below anyone else; We're all free. Isn't that what the Dollars is all about?
Don't rely only on a boss in times like this.
Come to think of it, I remember someone posted something like this before:
He said we should turn the Dollars into a good group by our own power.
There may be bad people in this group, but don't worry about them.
Maybe this doesn't have anything to do with a leader.
That's right! The Dollars isn't someone's group, it's all of ours!
Yuck.
We should just do what we can by ourselves.
Go die.
I agree! We should protect this city from the Yellow Scarves by ourselves!
You mean like go on patrol?
They don't know who we are, since we're "clearly colorless," so we can all help each other!
That's right.
That's right!
Like before...
A Raira uniform...
Glasses...
Breasts...
It couldn't be!
Sonohara...!
Black has surrounded white's queen...
No way!
It couldn't be!
That can't...
Is this a dream?
No.
That's what he told me.
How come you never notice what's important until it's too late?
Next Time: Break-Up Announcement.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
A lot more people around town have been wearing yellow recently, haven’t they?
The Yellow Scarves?
Did you hear?
There's a rumor that the Slasher is part of the Dollars.
We really do need you...
How's your boyfriend been?
He comes to visit sometimes.
At least until recently.
Don't you think the air in Tokyo is dirty?
Parasite! Parasite! Parasite!
Did you hear?
Some Raira Academy students just got assaulted by the Slasher!
Eh? Really?
How dangerous...
As serious as the stare of Daimajin!
I heard they were first year girls!
Excuse me,
I've got to make a call, so I'm going to lurk for a while.
Don't worry.
Apparently it wasn't your girlfriend.
Thanks.
But I'm still kind of worried about her...
Hmmm.
Do you know where it happened?
Umm...
It's not far from the Eastern Ikebukuro subway station that borders the Shuto Expressway.
But there are a lot of police cruisers there, so it should be easy to find.
Is that so?
Sorry, I'm leaving for a minute.
Setton, you going rubbernecking?
Aw, c'mon!
Excuse me,
I'm leaving, too.
Eh?
Did you get through to her?
Right now she's with the police or something...
She apparently witnessed the incident...
I'm going to see her.
Ah...
Then I'll leave, too.
The Slasher...
The culprit behind this bloody incident...
...changed the fate of one girl...
At that point, I was completely unaware...
That all this was mysteriously tied to my past.
I'm home!
It's time for...
A welcome-home greeting!
I'm home, Celty!
Welcome back.
What's wrong?
I just saw something horrifying.
Something horrifying?
Don't make me say it! I want to forget!
I feel much better.
Why don't you at least take that white thing off when you shower?
Nope. The air here in Tokyo is dirty, so I can't just take it off whenever.
Oh, That's right. Good job last night, Celty.
And just who were those brutes wearing all that yellow?
They're the Yellow Scarves.
They appeared around the time you left for America.
They got in a brawl with the Blue Squares a while ago and were supposed to have calmed down.
Hmph. They should just destroy each other and go die in some sewer.
Don't be ridiculous.
Anyway, Celty brought you here safely, so pay the fee.
Put it on my tab.
Absolutely not.
Then I'll just bilk you out of it like I always do.
I was just testing you, Celty.
If you just let me go now—
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
It's cutting into me! It's cutting into me!
These shadow thorns are cutting into me!
Shinra! My life is in real danger here.
What should you do in this kind of situation?
You'd know if you were my son!
Of course I do.
What?
Thanks.
I'm not giving you an inheritance, so that can be it.
I don't need any.
I've been had by a monster...
If you'd truly been had, she would've taken your soul.
Oh?
Well, well, well, Celty.
Are you...in love with Shinra?
I knew my son would be weird enough to get attached to you, but do you actually like him too?!
Yes, I do.
Celty!
It's great that you're being so honest about our relationship!
The fact that our connection, which I thought was no more than unrequited love,
has developed into a solid relationship that we can boldly express in front of others...
Fills me with thoughts of jumping for joy—
Stop it; you're embarrassing me!
Did you think I'd approve of this relationship?
What was that?
You're an uninvited guest in human society.
You're aware of the fact that you're commonly referred to as a monster, aren't you?!
Of course I am.
"Of course," she says...
So what? Do you have a problem with that?
It seems my plan to point out that she won't fit into society has failed miserably.
That's not in the least bit convincing, coming from you.
Moreover...
Shinra says he likes me the way I am.
Hmph. There's nothing I can do.
I approve of you two dating.
In return, you shall call me...
...my beloved father!
Shove it!
Even so, Celty...
Your memories will never return as long as you remain headless.
Your memories of when you were a dullahan in your native country of Ireland, that is.
That's...
Something I'll have to live with.
Let's create a lot of memories together to make up for the ones you've lost.
Shinra...
For starters, let's hold a wedding!
I'll measure your for your wedding dress, so take off those shadow clothes—
Come to think of it, you were a perverted child who'd laugh merrily at an autopsy...
He definitely gets that from you!
It's not "you," it's "my beloved father!"
Honestly...I just said it a moment ago. You're as thoughtless as ever, Celty.
That's why you had no idea I stole your head—
Huh?
Ah, crap!
Wh-Wh-Wh-What did you just say?!
What should I do? I just spilled the beans about an important secret.
It's still okay.
Celty's an airhead, so she won't notice.
Huh?
Celty the airhead, Celty the airhead...
Shut up! Why'd you say that twice?!
Because the attacks of a frenzied airhead are easy to rea—
I won't let you make fun of Celty, even if you are my dad.
I get it, I get it! I'll explain everything.
Well, there's no point in hiding it now.
The person who stole your head and sold it to a pharmaceutical company was none other than me!
Don't be such a jerk!
Whatever.
Come with me.
There's something I want to show you.
Huh? He ran away?
That perverted freak...
I won't let you get away!
Is she gone?
It seems my "just push the elevator button" plan was a success.
I'm going to get my bags.
Well now...
Beep.
Damn, where'd he go?
Oh, Celty...
Is something wrong?
You're just spacing out in a place like this...
Well, I'm thinking about some stuff...
Talk to me.
About that "stuff." You look pretty depressed.
It's about the Slasher...
There are some weird rumors on the Net and message boards...
Weird rumors?
Yeah, like the Slasher is part of the Dollars.
That's absurd.
Do you believe that?
Of course I don't, but...
But something dangerous will probably happen if the rumor gets around.
Especially since relations between the Dollars and the Yellow Scarves are strained enough as they are.
The balance of this city certainly is hanging over a precipice...
Mikado...
I'll look into the Slasher incidents as well.
Celty...
So get out of here.
You're bound to get caught up in something just zoning out in this type of place.
You're right.
Thank you very much.
The Slasher, huh?
Sorry, but it doesn't ring a bell.
I see...
There's no reason for you to do all this for the Dollars, is there?
It's not just for the Dollars...
I have a history with him.
If I weren't headless, I'd be dead now.
You idiot...
People who call others idiots are usually more idiotic, but I'm an idiot, so I'll say it anyway:
Idiot! You should've said something!
Alright, I'm gonna kill him!
I'll definitely kill him!
Without a doubt, I'll kill him!
I'll hunt him down and kill him!
Wait, I'm the headless rider!
I'm fine!
No, no, no...
It's no longer just about that.
Drawing your sword usually means certain death, right?
I'll kill him...
What about your work?
You're only on break now, right?
It's fine.
Hey now, I'm not going to let you get fired over me.
Moreover, I need a lot more information before I search for the Slasher.
Can you at least wait until I'm done with all my preparations?
Fine.
But make it as fast as possible.
I'll kill him...
There's a reason I parted with Shizuo.
Wow, I'm so happy you came to see me.
By the way, how are you?
Did you find your head?
I don't care about my head.
I'll get right to the point:
I want to know about the Slasher.
Three bills should do it.
Although, your clothes and your wallet are made of shadows, aren't they?
I wonder if it's possible to shine a light on them that's bright enough to leave you naked.
Do you want to see me naked?
Not really.
Unlike a certain perverted, black-market medical scholar,
I don't lust after headless or bodiless girl—
That's fine with me.
But I won't let you off so easily the next time you insult Shinra.
You two sure do love each other.
But hey...
What would happen if another dullahan came along, seduced him, and stole his heart...?
I'd like to think that wouldn't happen...
But if it does, it does...
Would you kill Shinra yourself then?
No...
I just wouldn't let him go near...
Another headless woman.
I love him, too, so...
That's surprising!
You've become even more human!
Still, be careful.
The closer you get to becoming human...
The bigger the gap will be when you get your head back.
I'll think about that after I actually get my head back.
Well, to be honest, I've been thinking that I might not even need my head.
More importantly, give me that information about the Slasher.
Don't tell me you don't know anything after you've taken my money.
Don't worry.
I have some special information that I've yet to leak to the police, the media, or the Net.
Actually, I've been waiting for you to come.
What do you mean?
This incident belongs in the realm of the fantastical.
Do you know of a katana called Saika?
The Saika...?!
It may be hard to believe, but Saika is an ethereal sword that used to reside in Shinjuku.
An ethereal sword...?
Like the Muramasa Blade?
Right.
It's a katana with dubious magical powers.
What's wrong?
I heard about some ethereal sword called Saika from Izaya.
There's a legend that it has a mind of its own and takes control of humans.
Plus, every single one of the Slasher's victims says that it has red eyes.
You're saying that's because of the Saika?
Yes.
The night the Slasher first appeared, someone with the handle "Saika" logged onto the network I use.
But when I was attacked, I didn't notice it approaching.
I should be able to sense something if Saika isn't human.
That would be because the Saika can only control one's mind, while the person's body is the thing that's actually moving.
Then it's understandable why you couldn't sense any type of presence.
Shinra, you seem pretty knowledgeable about Saika...
I mean, you told me to look into it before, didn't you?
Now, come to bed quickly.
Hey, welcome back.
When I conducted my own search for Miss Namie after Nebula merged with Yagiri Pharmaceuticals, I found out that she frequents your place.
So I threatened her with this model gun and she let me come in with her.
A model gun?!
Oh, I didn't tell you?
Shouldn't we report this guy to the police?!
Oh, won't you be the ones in trouble if you do that?
Once the police conduct a search of this room based on my testimony, they'll find the head of some young woman!
I see.
This might become a first-rate scandal to take the place of the Slasher.
So...Shinra does get his twisted personality from you after all.
You won't get anything for complimenting me.
Well, to be honest, I'm in no rush to get the head back.
Oh?
The executives at my company are quite surprised at what they saw of Celty on TV.
They've decided that her body should be studied before her head.
That's why I've unilaterally decided that the location of her head is "currently under investigation."
After all, it seems that you've taken quite an interesting approach concerning her head.
Based on the theory that a valkyrie is a dullahan, you try to awaken it by causing a power struggle.
What a unique idea.
Well, I'm testing it in various ways.
If worse comes to worst, I might just have to bring it to a war zone.
Anyway, I'd be happy to cooperate with you.
Great.
I'm also interested in you.
There aren't many people around who'd conduct research from a mythological point of view, including myself.
Thanks.
Well now, why don't I give you a piece of advice?
If you do cause some manufactured conflict in order to stimulate either Celty's head or spirit,
don't involve her in some clash of wills between other people...
But make her body the center of it all...
And throw those around her into the fire.
That's what I plan on doing.
Things are being set in motion faster than I'd anticipated.
Anri...
You're already making preparations for the sports festival?
Are you sure you're okay?
Y-Yes...
I was worried about you.
Why were you with those students who got slashed?
You weren't being bullied again, were you?
I'm worried.
I really am.
The Slasher might come after you again.
It's dangerous to go out alone.
Are you sexually harassing her again?
We can't have that now, can we?
I'm just worried about Anri.
Whoa, using only her first name?
How dangerous!
If you worry too much, Anri might transfer out like Niekawa did.
You were Niekawa Haruna's homeroom teacher last year, weren't you?
What?
You know about Niekawa?
Yes, in name only.
On that note, us students have to go home!
Who in the world is Niekawa Haruna...?
Hey, Anri...
Mikado hasn't confessed to you yet, has he?
Eh?
I knew it.
But you have noticed he's totally fallen for you, right?
Ryugamine's a good friend, so...
My best friend seems like he truly does love you, so I'm going to look after you two.
Plus, I should get along well with beautiful girls from all over the world.
Masaomi!
Sonohara!
Enter the coward.
Sorry again!
I thought I'd turn into a fossil waiting for you!
Eh?
Square root of three points.
A square root? What's a square root?
At least make your criticism easy to understand with something like "minus twenty points."
See you!
See you tomorrow!
See you tomorrow.
You finally came.
Celty...
About Saika...
It was in my father's possession for a while.
He apparently sold it to an antique shop a few years ago, though.
Shingen had it?
What for?
It's said... that the Saika can cut people's souls.
It couldn't be...
Yes.
He used the Saika to steal your head.
He used it to cut the soul that bound your head and body together.
And you knew about that, Shinra...?
Yeah.
Of course, I realized he used it to steal your head only after I'd conducted my own investigation after the fact.
I thought I'd best not say anything, since you were trying to forget about your head.
But...
Just...
Let me think about this on my own.
I knew it...
Love breeds confusion.
That same night, the ethereal sword Saika was trying to find a certain girl.
A girl who couldn't find her own place in this reality...
Sonohara Anri.
Ikebukuro:
All I wanted was to learn about it.
About the source of this refuse-packed city's energy,
and the truth behind this city that bulges with desire.
Next Time: Even Fools Can Give Good Counsel.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
It's something that's very important to me.
I might not even remember my own face soon!
Umm...
No! Nooo!
Hey!
Yagiri Pharmaceuticals, huh?
Is this really where those human experiments are being conducted?
That's not Harima Mika...
You can use as much money however you want.
We'll be together forever.
I love you, Celty.
All of them are fakes.
The world is filled with them.
They say things like, "I love you," and, "I like you," just to tie others down.
"Look this way," and, "Stay by my side."
They just covet and fawn on people.
My love is different.
It's a broader, more complete thing.
I know, sis.
Thanks for the money transfer. See you.
You want me to get you something to drink?
See, from that vending machine right over there.
Wait a bit.
Whoa.
You're so cute.
They still haven't been found?!
I'm incredibly sorry...
What in the world was security doing, then?!
According to the person in charge,
they were staying in the same hotel, but Seiji suddenly changed locations in the middle of the night—
I could still reach him on his cell phone at seven PM.
If something were to happen to him...
He promised he wouldn't leave Ikebukuro, so I believe we'll find him soon.
Listen.
What do you think will happen to us if the police get wind of this?!
Well, that's...
That's enough.
I can't wait for you guys.
Director...!
I'll be back soon.
To me, it was just a doll.
Like one of the expensive, beautiful dolls my uncle would buy for me on his trips overseas.
I didn't like dolls when I was young.
I assume he wasn't trying to please me, but just kept sending me things he liked.
Hey, Seiji, look at this.
It's pretty, isn't it?
So, what do you think this one over here is?
What?
It was always utterly silent in that house, and we were always alone.
Even before my younger brother was born, my uncle often had to look after me.
I could also enter and leave his study whenever I wanted.
That's...where it was.
My uncle would sometimes gaze at that thing he'd smuggled in from overseas as if he were in a trance...
And sometimes he'd even talk to it.
It certainly was beautiful.
More so than any doll he'd ever given me.
It didn't seem mysterious or cruel; it seemed like just its head was a whole creature.
But that's all it was to me.
That's why, when I secretly invited my brother into the study...
I thought we'd just have some fun.
I may have simply wanted to share my secret with him.
It's pretty, isn't it?
That was the beginning of it all...
This is the first time we've met, isn't it?
Did that list of illegal immigrants prove useful to you, Ms. Yagiri Namie?
I'm so happy.
To have the director of the sixth research facility come all the way to a place like this...
Please, sit anywhere over there.
It's an emergency. Find out where my brother is.
I'll pay you however much you want.
I haven't been able to contact him since last night.
He should be somewhere in Ikebukuro.
Not that much time has passed, has it?
Why are you so worried?
He's with a girl; one who has a wound on her neck.
A girl?
He's at that age, you know.
Get going now!
Wait a second.
Aren't there many more important things we should investigate first?
There are rumors going around that your company is about to be taken over by that foreign company Nebula, right?
If that's true, then your position—
Mr. Orihara Izaya, I don't have time for idle chitchat.
How unexpected.
That such a capable woman as yourself would be in love with her younger brother, that is.
What do you know about me?
The Yagiri Namie I know is quite a distinguished woman.
I mean, even though it was a family business,
your father screwed up and had to hand it over to your uncle, who doesn't do you any favors.
So you had to use your own abilities to get the job,and now you've come this far, despite being so young.
And you're also very beautiful.
You certainly do know me well.
It should be easy for you to search for my brother, then.
Your brother, huh?
You shouldn't interfere with his business, you know.
I'm not interfering!
I'm the only one who can protect him.
It seems stalkers never do realize what they're doing.
They always say they're protecting their—
Don't group me together with any stalkers!
You're scary.
It was just a joke.
Alright, I'll help you.
However, we'll do things my way.
Information dealers are different from the police.
What rules do you play by...?
I have a question.
Are you jealous of that girl with the wound on her neck?
Why?
There's no way I'd be jealous of her!
A chest-burning jealousy that dyes people a rusty red...
Sis...I have...someone I like.
I knew Seiji was slowly getting stranger.
He'd go into our uncle's study for no reason at all, then stare at that thing every time he snuck in.
Seiji wasn't in love with a person.
It had no soul, or even a body.
I wanted to take Seiji's mind off of it, so I asked my uncle if I could move it as soon as I entered the company,
and brought it to the facility as a research subject.
That's when it happened.
Nebula began contacting us,
The card that only I had...
Sis, I might have killed someone.
What should I do?
And what welled-up in my chest at that moment was neither fear nor anger, but unbounded joy.
Seiji needed me.
You don't need to worry about anything.
Leave everything to your sister.
Okay?
Now, about her—not that girl over there...
So you did take her?
It's okay.
Leave everything about her to me.
It's okay. Really.
At that time, I didn't realize there was a stupid girl named Harima Mika stalking Seiji.
I'll protect you, no matter what.
Ahh, okay.
Apparently, you don't have to panic.
The police should be picking them up and contacting you shortly.
I did say "police," but you should be fine.
It's no big deal.
I assume.
Don't toy with me!
Yes?
Yes, it is.
What? What's wrong?
We're going?
But, we still...
Wait!
I'm happy you love me so much.
I love you, too.
Forever and ever.
I'm scared.
Of what?
Please, take me far away...
I want to be alone with you, too, but where would we go?
What's with them?
A lovers' quarrel?
C'mon.
No!
Stop it!
Okay, please calm down.
We're not bad people or anything.
No! Nooo!
Just listen.
Let...me...go! Let...me...
Huh?
Let her go!
I'm alright. It doesn't hurt.
Just go.
I don't really get it, but you have to chase her, don't you?
I've always wanted to say this:
Leave this to me and go on ahead!
Wait!
Uh, so-sorry...
Are you okay?
You're...
Wait!
No, you wait!
Let me go!
I said, "Let me go!"
Is she your girlfriend?
Yeah, she's my destiny!
Why does she look like that?
Like I'd know!
Whaaaaat's thaaaaat?!
Are you saying you don't know your girlfriend?
Isn't that a bit irresponsible?
Huh?!
Stuff like that's not important when you love someone!
Oh?
Then why?
Why's she your destiny?
Because I love her!
There's no other answer!
I can't use another word for it besides "love!"
That's why I...
The black bike!
...I'm going to act on it!
I'll protect her!
That's all it is!
I like you a lot more than Izaya.
So I'll leave it at this.
I'm going to bleed if I pull this out, huh?
I'll pull it out after I buy some band-aids.
No, maybe an instant adhesive would be better?
In other words, your head was walking around attached to another body...
When you caught it, a high schooler interfered...
Then another high schooler appeared when you were chasing it...
And he ran off with it?
You want me to believe all that?
I won't ask you to believe it all.
Well, I do.
But why was Shizuo there?
I'd completely forgotten about that...
I was waiting in the park while on a job from Izaya, when Shizuo happened to pass by, so we started talking...
Anyway, I got a message afterward saying the job was canceled, so it's okay.
Orihara, huh?
Anyway, I wanted to talk to you...
So, you're still confused, huh?
I'll listen to whatever you have to say.
Why is my head on someone else's body?!
I'm in the dark, seeing as I didn't witness the events, but if I could venture a guess...
What if...
It found a girl who looked like she had your build and attached itself to her.
That's horrifying...
It could've found a newly dead corpse.
Stop that!
But...no...
It couldn't have...
What I did wasn't wrong...
I have to go.
It's okay.
Everything's okay.
She...
It was scary, wasn't it?
She...
But nothing went wrong, did it?
My love never faltered, even when she ran away and met up with Seiji.
Seiji's love uses my love for him as a stepping-stone.
He knows that, and I know that he knows.
Everything's twisted, but still...
Damn, that was a Raira Academy uniform.
Who was he?
I know, so just leave it to me.
Anyway, we've got to find a girl from Raira.
Then all I can do is meet my head and talk with it.
You mean the head that could only scream when it saw you?
What're you going to do about a head that's living as a complete person?
Are you telling me you'd separate it from its body for your own sake?
Celty...
I don't want to admit...
That I've lost my head and my memories...
That all my efforts these past twenty years have been in vain...
They haven't been in vain.
I'll get her back for you.
Just wait here.
Oh yeah, where's your cell phone?
Did you lose it?
I don't know.
It wasn't there, even though I put it in my bag.
Eh?
She...needs me.
We have to be alone.
Really? I guess so...
It's alright. Leave everything to your big sister.
What nerve!
Dolls should act like dolls and do as they're told.
And not interfere with my love.
I've decided...
I don't want to regret anything else...
Ever again.
Listen.
Circulate a message to all our underlings. I don't care whether she dies or not.
Depending on the circumstances, dispose of her on the spot.
I see.
Everyone's busy.
I can't wait!
I can't wait!!
I can't wait!!!
There are so, so, so many things even I don't know in this town that continually appear and disappear!
That's why I can't leave a city where so many people gather!
People love!
I like people!
I love them!
That's why...
People should love me as well.
Thank you.
Do you feel any calmer?
Can you answer questions?
You said you didn't remember anything, right?
In other words, that means...umm...you have amnesia?
I'll say it again, but I think you should go to the police or a hospital...
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
No, it's okay.
Please don't apologize.
I have to go...
Before she interferes...
Forever and ever—
I have to go.
Seiji...
Seiji...
I love you.
Err...
The headless rider, Orihara Izaya, and the girl with the wounded neck appeared again...
And to top it all off, a guy from the next class over is in The Dollars!
Next Time: The First and Only.
I had a dream where I was leading an abnormal life, yet...OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
Why're you asking about The Dollars?
You're not thinking of joining The Dollars, are you?
Whaaaat's thaaaat?!
Why is my head on someone else's body anyway?!
Maybe it found a newly dead corpse.
I can't wait!
What do you think will happen to us if the police get wind of this?
I don't care whether she dies or not. Depending on the circumstances, dispose of her on the spot.
I guess my budget's pretty tight this month after all.
Now all I need is a kitchen sponge and...
Thank you very much.
The black bike!
It should be right around this corner!
Owowowow...
Um...I'm so sorry.
Are you all right?
You're...
Help me!
Please!
The black bike!
Just what is that!? It's totally cool!
Can we take a picture?
Here we go!
This is awesome!
This picture's insane!
So the beautiful girl you bumped into on the corner was being chased by some bad guy on a bike...
...she's lost her memory...
...and she already fell asleep due to exhaustion by the time I got here.
So you expect me to believe this dream you had, which in many ways isn't very dreamy.
It's true, so I can't change it.
It'd be better if this made you late for school in the morning.
And it'd be marvelous if she were a transfer student.
Also, if she were a queen and your childhood friend, it'd be perfect.
Ah, did you notice my pun on "better" and "clichéd?"
I think it makes the joke even worse when you have to point it out.
I don't know what to do, since not only has she lost her memory, but I can't even go to the police.
All we can do is see how things develop.
For now, we'll wait until tomorrow, and then ask her all about her situation.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
Thanks for coming this late.
The black biker might remember my face.
The black biker of urban legend...
What am I doing by making an enemy of her?
I hated normal things.
Good morning.
I wanted to live a different life from other people.
Those feelings may have led me to get involved with this girl.
There's only one thing Kida doesn't know.
It's about that wound on her neck.
It looks like her head was chopped off with a saw and then forcefully reattached.
This is an announcement from the school store:
Our stock of jumbo melon bread has sold out for the day.
Wow, Mikado!
How's the sleeping beauty at your apartment doing?
Kida?! Shh! Shh!
What's this about a beautiful girl?
I like hearing about that kind of thing.
Actually, when Mikado turned a corner, he bumped into this girl with amnesia who was being chased by an evil person...
And so, now he's living with a cute girl!
C'mon, now. That's just a dream Kirigamine has.
Uhh, umm, err, it's Ryugamine.
Anyone want to sell me their extra meal tickets?
No one will believe it, so it's okay.
Anyway, what's up with the girl?
She was still asleep when I left this morning.
Getting her beauty sleep, I bet.
Alright, let's get down to business.
What business?
This is what I've been doing during lunch break and it's the reason why I ate my lunch during fourth period.
"Who's in The Dollars?"
This is a pretty popular fad amongst our classmates, you know.
Everything about The Dollars is shrouded in mystery.
So, if someone in school says, "Hey, doesn't that dude look kinda like he'd be in The Dollars?"
I get them to vote for that person.
Wow, it looks like there's a real consensus.
That's because one person can vote for multiple people.
Huh? Takiguchi from class 1-D only has one vote.
So you noticed?
And who voted for him? None other than me, Kida Masaomi.
My class has P.E. with his, and I'm sure he has to be in The Dollars.
Why do you say that?
Intuition.
On that note, I'm going to see if I'm right.
Wait!
Excuse me!
Is Takiguchi Ryo here?
No, he's not.
He in the cafeteria?
I dunno. Probably on the roof.
He goes up there a lot during lunch.
Ryo must take his smoke breaks up there.
Don't you think you should leave him alone?
There might be a lot of scary people up there.
That was a joke.
Smoking on the roof during lunch only happens in old, clichéd manga.
But I doubt he'd tell you the truth if you just go up to him and ask, "Are you in The Dollars?"
Just leave it to me.
I have an idea.
Ummm...
Oh?
He...He's smoking...
Hey, Takiguchi!
Yo.
Hey.
Oh?
Wow, you write songs?
Huh? Oh, yeah...
What's up?
You need to talk to me?
There's something I want to ask.
Shoot.
Are you in The Dollars?
Kida, what're you...?
Yeah, I am.
I knew it.
I just knew you had to be.
See? My intuition is 100% perfect.
He's my childhood friend.
Uhh, err, umm, I'm Ryugamine Mikado.
So you're that famous guy.
Huh? Famous guy?
Your name.
Want some?
Thanks.
Thank you.
Um, Takiguchi...
Why did you join The Dollars?
I don't really know how to answer that question.
I guess it was six months ago.
I got an invite from someone I didn't know.
It said, "The Dollars don't have any rules or regulations."
At first I thought there's no way a group like that could exist, but then I figured it'd be interesting if it did.
I don't like either giving or taking orders.
So, what kind of group is it?
If I had to say, I guess they're "clearly colorless."
"Clearly colorless?"
Yeah, they don't try to get as many members to wear the same colors as possible and have power struggles like The Yellow Scarves or The Blue Squares.
Who're The Blue Squares?
They're a color gang that was around when I was in middle school.
I don't know much about them, but apparently they caused some incident and broke up.
Kida?
So, you like The Dollars, Takiguchi?
Yeah.
Do you meet with the other members?
We only know each other's handles, so...
But I have met some.
Like at my part-time job or around town.
They've all been coincidental, though.
Somehow, you just know that they're members.
What kind of people are they?
They are who they are, so you'll have to ask them, like you did me.
I bet most of them would answer you.
Aw, crap.
See you!
Ever since I found out that Takiguchi was a real Dollar, I decided I wouldn't tell anybody.
I figured that Takiguchi wouldn't want people making a fuss over it.
Okay, everyone, let's begin.
I assumed that only the people who asked needed to know.
Stand.
Bow.
That's all for our class representatives meeting.
I wonder if Kida's still doing stuff for the disciplinary committee?
He'll probably be done soon.
Wait!
Harima Mika, the girl stalking Yagiri Seiji, has been missing ever since the day before the entrance ceremony.
Did you learn anything regarding Harima's whereabouts after that?
No, nothing.
Ryugamine!
Kida says to go home without him!
Eh? What's keeping him?
Apparently he's in the middle of a heated debate with the disciplinary committee.
See you.
Umm...
Shall we go?
Okay.
I wonder what Kida's debate is about...
Uh, maybe it's about the dress code or hairstyles.
Mikado!
I'm going to ask you all about that beautiful girl!
Introduce me to her sometime!
Snap!
Later!
Th-That beautiful girl he's talking about is a French person we met at Russia Sushi, and...
H-H-Her nose is pierced!
And so Kida must be debating nose piercings!
I actually knew about you a long time ago, Ryugamine.
Huh?
When I passed in my matriculation forms, there was a checklist on the receptionist's desk.
I thought your name was cool, and I noticed someone had checked it off already.
Now I get to be a class representative with you...
Wait!
Doesn't this sound a lot like what happened between Harima Mika and Yagiri Seiji?!
I don't want a stalker!
Wait, maybe it's okay since she's so cute.
No, wait, it's totally not!
If things go bad...
Sh-Sh-She'll stab me!
Fire!
I-I-I might be killed!
Wait, maybe she'd take my parents hostage!
But if she has a good personality, then it might not matter that she's a...
Wait, stalkers don't have good personalities!
That was a joke.
Eh?
It'd just cause trouble for you if someone like me were following you around.
Um, that's not...
Don't worry.
I'm not a stalker.
Uh, umm, err, well...
I'm sorry.
No, I'm the one who was teasing you.
Please, don't apologize.
Uh!
Um!
Well...
I-I hope we work well together!
I hope so, too.
Huh?
That's him, Takeshi! That's him!
Who does she mean by "him?"
It's not me, is it?
I mean you! It's you!
Why are you ignoring us?!
Umm...who might you be?
I had to buy a new cell phone, thanks to your friend!
Uhh...I don't really understand what you're saying...
So, you're friends with the guy who broke my girlfriend's cell?
Well, I wouldn't really call him my friend...
Then what is he? Your parent?! A cosigner?! Huh?!
I think your assumptions are a tad biased...
Huh?!
Are you trying to lecture me!?
Huh?!
You want me to teach you how to act towards your elders—
Huh?!
How commendable of me to say, "My hobby isn't punching girls."
I'd like you to be my girlfriend, but I'm sorry.
You're not my type.
Go home!
You're horrible!
See you again!
Well now, Ryugamine Mikado, I've been hiding behind the school gate because I wanted to see you.
I have some business with you.
By the way...
Why's the black biker here?
She's searching for the girl!
I forgot!
S-Sorry, but I'm in a hurry!
See you later, Sonohara.
This is too surreal.
Anyway, these people will definitely follow me back to my apartment.
So then...
Help me!
Uh, umm...
Well...
If you want to talk with me, let's do it here.
I'll talk with you after the black biker's done.
Hello?
Thanks for your continued patronage.
Th-There's something I'd like to ask you.
What is it?
She'll listen to me?
Um...just who are you?
I'm looking for the daughter of one of my relatives. I found her yesterday, but she ran away for some reason.
She...She's horrible at lying.
S-Sorry, but I don't believe you.
How much do you know about me?
You're somewhat of an urban legend...
You ride a bike with no headlights that doesn't make any noise...
And...
There are rumors you have no head.
Do you believe that?
Um, could you let me see inside your helmet?
I never thought I'd be able to ask that.
Promise you won't scream?
However, I felt like I'd been waiting a long time...
For this moment.
I still don't know how to describe the way I felt at that time.
I just kept repeating, "Ah, I knew it. I knew it," in my heart.
Th-Th-Thank you very much.
After that, the legendary black biker told me the real reason she was chasing that girl.
She was a dullahan named Celty...
She came to Japan in search of her stolen head...
And the girl with stitches on her neck has a face that looks exactly like hers.
Normally, every part of that story would be unbelievable.
But, mysteriously enough, I believed every single word of it.
Are you her friend?
No, I just met her yesterday.
I asked her a bunch of different things, but...
It seems she lost her memory.
Celty?
Would you let me see her?
It's probably because you suddenly started chasing her, but she's afraid of you.
I need to see her, no matter what!
Could you do something to help clear up this misunderstanding?
I understand.
Fruit milk in the afternoon is the best.
I think this development's a sign that Biribiri's going to be the heroine!
No way! I bet the heroine's a princess goddess!
Hey!
What're you doing?!
Those bastards...shot a pebble...
Eh?
They shot a pebble into my car!
Calm down, Togusa!
I'll never forgive them!
The light's red!
It's red! It's red!
Please wait here a bit.
I'll explain everything to her.
I don't want her to think I betrayed her if she sees you first, Celty.
I understand.
He's a pretty cautious kid.
Huh?
That's the first time I've ever heard your name.
I didn't know you were a foreigner.
You liar.
I'm not going to let it slide the next time you throw a rock at my horse.
Eh? So that's a horse?
Despite the situation, isn't he a bit slow?
Why's there a cleaning crew at this run-down apartment?
It couldn't be...!
That's why we want to know where that girl you were with went.
This hair I found on your futon is from a girl, isn't it?
I-I really don't know!
P-Please...Please have mercy on—
You've seen our faces.
We don't mind killing you right here.
Hey, someone's coming!
I-I-I'm saved...
You don't have to go after them.
I know where they're going.
I remember the van.
They're probably from Yagiri Pharmaceuticals.
Yagiri...Pharmaceuticals?
Yep.
They're a puppet company that hasn't been doing well lately, so they're on the verge of being absorbed by a foreign firm.
A girl who lost her head,
A dullahan,
Gone missing,
Harima Mika,
Yagiri Seiji,
Human trafficking,
And The Dollars.
What's he planning on starting?
I was tired of normal things.
Honestly, I half-assumed he was.
Please.
Even if it's only for a short while, please cooperate.
I wanted to live a different life from other people.
This evening, the ball is in my court.
That's why...
Jackpot!
I...
I was tired of normal things.
I wanted to live a life different from other people.
I can't believe that simple wish changed the destinies of so many people.
Next Time: Tempestuous Change.OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
I'm Ryugamine...Mikado.
No way! That's really you, Kida?
Gang activity has been declining recently, too.
They got into a fight with some Saitama guys and a bunch of people got arrested.
I'm Sonohara Anri. I hope the year goes well.
Harima!
I thought you were someone else!
You pledged to become a fine Ikebukuroer, so show us all and overcome this tribulation!
I found you, my...love.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
I'll give it back! I'll give it back!
Please, forgive me.
This is bad.
This is really bad.
It's all my fault, Celty.
It's all because I made you take that ridiculous job.
I should've finished it without any problems; it's because that thing showed up randomly.
You're not human. You're a monster! A monster! A monster!
You heard a voice coming from your wound?
It called me a monster!
What a rude jerk. It should've at least called you an enchantress.
What is that thing?
What if it's an alien?!
Celty...
Is that supposed to be funny?
Mo-Monster!
Let's go!
This city is apparently comprised of jokes, caprices, and coincidences.
Saika has entered the chat room.
Humans
The strong
Hope
Love
Humans who love and hope
Because hope is strong people human love. Because because because hope is is.
I
am I, so I hope.
 ...
Strong, people
Hope
I, love
because
This situation may also be one of God's jokes or caprices.
There are thirty-seven girls I've fallen in love with at first sight since entering high school.
And like a plot twist in a drama, I get to walk home from school with one of my top five, who happens to be this girl with glasses...
But this country bumpkin is getting in the way.
That must have been pretty tough on you.
Um, yeah...
This isn't good.
I was totally surprised back there.
I can't believe you ran away without me.
It's wasn't like that...
No way! Mikado!
But you did help me.
If I were you, I wouldn't have passed up a chance like that.
Right now we'd be in West Gate Park voicing our love to each other...
And on that note, please go out with me!
Wai—, Kida!
Umm, I...
You don't have to answer right away.
There are currently seven girls I'm waiting to hear from, and I'm still deciding which one I'll actually date.
You don't have to take him seriously, Sonohara.
He'll just tire you out.
He makes it sound like he's toying with you, but it's no big deal. Even if he hits on you, ultimately—
Hey, you, Mikado!
This guy's my best friend, Ryugamine Mikado.
He's a country bumpkin who's only been in Ikebukuro for a few days.
Even though he's unsophisticated and naïve, he's oddly stubborn and someone you just can't leave alone.
I'm somehow involved in a love triangle with this pure boy.
Is this what they call "youth?"
Ow, that hurt—
C'mon, Kida!
You're...quite friendly with each other.
Yes, we are.
We don't want to be, but we're inseparable.
Uncle, uncle, uncle!
To explain how this all came to be...
We'll have to retrace our steps back to the opening ceremony.
I'm Yagiri Seiji.
I hope the year goes well.
Well then, Yagiri, you can sit down now.
I won't need to.
Huh?
I don't think I'll be coming to school for a while—no, I might not ever come again.
It's something very important to me.
I have no time to waste with the likes of you.
Please, excuse me.
Yagiri, wait. I said, "Wait!"
The world is full of different types of people...
Yagiri, wait!
Or so Mikado tells me.
Please, wait!
Could this be what it's like to fall in love?
Yagiri, isn't there something—
My chest throbs just by having her smile at me!
I don't know!
Bu-But...being absent on your first day of school...
Well, I guess she wasn't smiling, but still...
I said I don't know!
Wait!
Umm...
Is something wrong?
Anyway, that's the day I immediately updated the number one ranked girl on my list of possible girlfriends.
Hey, Sonohara.
You on your way home?
Yes.
Hey, Sonohara, something's bugging you, right?
Maybe you're being bullied or you're involved in some trouble?
No...
If something ever happens, tell me right away.
I'm okay...
Is that so?
Oh yeah, Harima still hasn't come to school yet, has she?
Even though you two are in the same class...
I worked hard to get you two in the same class, you know.
Mr. Saitou from your middle school also insisted that you two be together.
So you don't have to hesitate.
That's right, how about I take you home today?
You do know that The Slasher appeared in Ikebukuro again, don't you?
Mr. Nasujima, are you sexually harassing her?!
Jeez, making our glasses-wearing class rep scream?
Isn't that full-on sexual harassment?
Or is it more like sexy embarrassment?
C'mon now, Kida, stop goofing off.
Sonohara, you wouldn't misunderstand and start weird rumors, would you?
Does she look like the frivolous kind of woman?
You're right, I'll leave her with you.
Don't worry, I'll be the one spreading rumors!
Does this make me a crusader of justice for the moment?
I was so cool just now, wasn't I?
Anyone would fall for me after that.
Kida? And Sonohara?
Could you have come at a worse time?
Sorry for the wait.
Here.
Thank you very much.
But still, you should be careful.
Most of the rumors about Nasujima are mostly just that, but it is true he's laid his hands on a student.
Eh?!
A second-year student named Niekawa Haruna transferred out during the second term.
Apparently the reason was that people would find out she was dating Nasujima.
Really?
No one knows whether she wanted to transfer, whether asujima threatened her into it, or if the school forced her.
Anyway, if something happens to you, Mikado and I will do something about it.
Right, Mikado?
I don't totally grasp the situation, but I'll do whatever I can.
Ugh. This is where you're supposed to say, "I might not be able to do it, but I'll be able to with the power of love!"
You're not a man if you don't say something to that effect.
Eh? Isn't that a contradiction?
I'm just going with the flow.
More importantly, about before...
Huh?
Those girls who were bullying you were from your middle school, right?
H-How did you know?
Well, listening to your conversation, I figured they had to be.
Like a, "you were saved by a good person, but now that she's disappeared they've come back," kind of thing.
Hmm? Your friend's disappeared? And no one's found her yet...
It's Harima Mika from our class, isn't it?
Mika's just marked as absent at school, but she hasn't been home since before opening ceremonies.
That's totally something you should tell the police about.
She contacted my cell phone and Harima's home.
She said, "I'm going on a trip to heal my broken heart. Don't worry."
A trip to heal her broken heart? Did something happen?
Umm...will you promise to listen without freaking out?
I'm not surprised by much anymore after what's happened these past few days.
Harima...is a stalker.
I see.
So that's what you were asking that guy about.
Mika went on her broken-heart trip after being dumped by the guy she was stalking—er, courting.
I guess we can't do anything but leave it to her family.
If she still doesn't come back, all we can do is call the police.
Was she a close friend to you, Sonohara?
What's with the interrogative?
It's true that we were always together.
I guess his intuition is good with some things.
I'm awkward with a lot of things and not very good at dealing with people, but Mika would always pull me through.
I felt bad that she even chose the same high school as me.
Well, that's...
Even if you think Mika didn't want to let go of her because she was using her to stand out, you shouldn't actually say that, Mikado.
I know.
Eh?
You know what?
That she was just using me to look cool.
And I used her as well.
I thought that life would be easier, that I couldn't live without depending on her.
Okay...
But now I don't think it's that important.
I've adjusted...to living without her.
I became a class rep because she wanted to, so I figured I should at least do it in her stead.
I felt like if I became a class rep, then I could surpass her.
That's kind of like cheating though, don't you think?
In my opinion, what's cheating is telling people all that.
It sounds like you're trying to get someone to forgive you.
Trying to surpass Harima is the right thing to do.
So you should hold your head high and be more confident.
Umm...
You're right.
Thank you very much.
That's what I like about this guy.
Kida!
You're so lame!
"Lame," huh?
Eh? The strongest in Ikebukuro?
Yes, the strongest.
You from some magazine?
Whaddya mean by "strongest?" That's too funny.
If you're talking about the strongest person in Ikebukuro, it's gotta be that black biker.
I've heard of that.
He has no head, right?
Like, no way!
What about The Slasher?
Oh yeah, that.
But you'd hafta say the strongest group here is The Dollars, right?
The Dollars?
Yeah, The Dollars!
I go a different way from here.
Thank you very much for today.
See you tomorrow.
Bye bye, Anri!
I've thought of this before, but maybe we'd find that Mika girl with Yagiri after all.
You mean like a stalker and her victim?
Maybe she abducted him.
I get it.
People are missing...
But how are we going to look for them?
Just leave them be. She said not to worry.
Only an organized group would be able to pull this off...
Like The Dollars.
Mikado...
You're not thinking of joining The Dollars, are you?
Eh? No. No way!
You better not.
People only join gangs when they're young and impressionable.
Besides, most people regret joining them.
Umm...yeah, but we're still young and impressionable...
I'm spent.
Why?
I was extremely depressed before Mikado came to Ikebukuro.
I'm able to make it through the day thanks to lots of people...
But it's also thanks to Mikado.
He's new to Ikebukuro and still vulnerable to the sweltering atmosphere.
Because he's new, he's more likely to get into trouble.
That's all?! It can't sell much worse than that!
I can douse him with cold water, but when I look into his gleaming eyes,
I know not even that will work.
That's why I try to be with him as much as I can.
I don't want him to get near the darkness this city holds.
Or me.
Bang.
I told myself I'd never...go there again.
Saika has entered the chat room.
Stronger
Strong, Love, Hope
I, want, to hope
I, want, stronger, love
Strong, person, to love
Hope, me, mother, mother
Mother
Saika has left the chat room.
Could someone be spamming us?
It's like an alien.
Maybe it's laughing...
How scary...
Look, the kanji for mother is "haha," so...
No, I'm not afraid it's an alien.
Or anything like that.
TsumiUta?
Or maybe it's "Zaika."
"Zaika" as in "property?"
I'll look into it later.
More importantly, Celty, I have a job for you.
It's from Mr. Shiki of the Awakusu Association again.
It's not that great a job, but will you do it?
Another courier job?
Yes, it's a courier job.
Although, you have to start by getting the merchandise back.
I don't know what the merchandise is, or I should say it was a "don't ask, don't tell" situation.
Understood.
Okay, now about the item. The guy who stole it is running around somewhere.
You know where most of the hiding spots are, so you should be able to corner him easily.
Roger.
Be careful; that Slasher's been out and about lately.
The Slasher?
Yeah, The Slasher. He appeared again.
He just leaves after inflicting wounds, but never kills anyone.
Then you can't call him the strongest, can you?
The strongest person in this city's gotta be...
Simon from Russia Sushi.
That information guy moved over to Shinjuku, but what about him?
Orihara Izaya.
No, it's gotta be...
Heiwajima Shizuo!
The strongest Color Gang?
Nowadays it's The Dollars?
But The Dollars don't have a color.
That yellow gang held the most sway until last year.
Yellow?
Yeah, they're called The Yellow Scarves.
I heard they had an insane brawl with The Blue Squares and lots of people got taken out.
Yeah, I heard they're back in the game.
Come on, keep the orders coming!
We have Engawa scallops. They're cheap, they're cheap!
Say, don't you see them a lot these days?
See what?
Guys in yellow, right? So you did notice.
Yellow? You mean—
The Mellow Scars!
You mean The Yellow Scarves.
Yeah, that's it.
That's Hermes' line.
They should've been eradicated after that battle with The Blue Squares.
Yeah, I guess.
Their boss supposedly left.
Just call me over any time. Ah, welcome!
Can you please tell me about The Dollars?
Huh?
My friend's thinking of joining them, but I want to stop him.
Why're you asking us?
Well, I can't ask anyone else.
You wouldn't want to ask Orihara Izaya anyway.
It's not like we know much about The Dollars.
But I'll tell you everything we do know.
Sometimes...this city can almost swallow you whole.
However, I won't let you go that far, Mikado.
Mikado?
Sorry!
You can't just do that.
You can tell just by lookin' that we be Yellow Scarves, can'tchya?
Yagiri!
Huh?
That's not...Harima Mika.
I don't know who you are, but don't interfere with our flight of love.
"Flight of love...?"
Let's go.
Then who is that?
Kida!
Are you guys really in The Yellow Scarves?
Yeah, of course!
I'm asking you because I can't tell.
You...
Kida!
Oh no, Mikado, why you, too?
Mo-Monster!
Huh?
Let's go!
Man, you had me worried!
Same here!
I guess.
In the end, I might be the one who's dependent upon him.
After Mikado came here, I feel like my bravado's turned into real courage.
I might just be able to face her without running away now.
Yes?
The more she expects me to, the more like I'll be able to do it.
I didn't think you'd ever come here again.
Izaya.
Hey.
How's your boyfriend been?
He visits me sometimes.
Like he did just before now.
I'm home.
Haruna, did you make sure to eat?
Haruna?
Oh, I banned the spammer.
Now it can be peaceful again.
It'd be nice if that were so...
By the way, I heard that members of The Yellow Scarves got slashed.
What are The Yellow Scarves?
Maybe The Slasher is working for The Dollars.
What? No Way!
A war might break out.
The events which occur in this city may seem completely unrelated upon first glance...
But they definitely connect at some point...
Yo!
And probably hold some twisted knowledge that we can't even fathom.
Good morning, Kida.
Yet...
Good morning!
Good morning, Sonohara.
I just noticed it, but this relationship feels pretty comfortable.
Good morning.
Points will connect with each other eventually...
And even if something we can't say right now gets exposed...
I believe that our relationship will stay the same.
The Dollars?
I can't say much about them.
Anyway, I'll tell you everything about the already-famous Kaztano Incident.
Next time: Run Around.
Also, don't call me Dotachin.OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
Saika has entered the chat room.
Humans
The strong
Hope
Love
Humans who love and hope
Because hope is strong people human love. Because because because hope is is.
I
am I, so I hope.
 ...
Strong, people
Hope
I, love
because
Saika has entered the chat room.
Stronger
Strong, Love, Hope
I, want, to hope
I, want, stronger, love
Strong, person, to love
Hope, me, mother, mother
Mother
Saika has left the chat room.OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
The Dollars?
They're angels that fly around going, “Pi piru piru” and show their panties.
Make sure to put enough in. If she doesn't wake up, she's going to be worth a lot less.
It's not like we know much about The Dollars.
But I'll tell you everything we do know.
Apparently they're a color gang, but no one knows their color.
Dengeki released some new pocket editions, so...
We bought ten for various reasons.
Various, indeed.
Don't think you can get away! Yeah!
I'm turning right!
Abs make the man.
This is first time we've done anything like this since entering The Dollars, right, Kadota?
Sit down and shut up!
The Dollars aren't angels that fly around going, "Pi piru piru," and show their panties, are they, Dotachin?
I told you not to call me that!
Alright, we ditched them.
That's insane!
Damn!
Well, why don't you tell me if you're in league with the group that's experimenting on humans...?
I'm Kadota Kyohei.
I don't actually like being called "Dotachin."
Anyway, this all started eight hours ago.
I'm about to tell you the story of the well-known Kaztano Incident.
The one who went missing is my classmate.
To be exact, she's a friend of a friend...
I've never even met her once.
So, your friend's gone missing, Tanaka Taro?
Speaking of that, lots of people have been disappearing recently...
Or at least there are lots of rumors about missing persons.
Kanra, you're a gossip maniac.
Ahahahaha.
The missing people I've heard about are mostly kids that ran away from home or illegal aliens.
By that I mean people who leave no trace once they disappear.
Tons of people like that are disappearing between Ikebukuro and Shibuya.
And once they disappear they're never seen again.
Is that true?!
There are some even scarier rumors, you know.
They suggest that the reason those people can't be found is because The Dollars dispose of the bodies somewhere and eat them!
Huh?
Hm?
Nice rusty sign.
So this is where that information dealer said the supplier would be?
It definitely seems like this place would be crawling with illegal aliens.
Let's grab our meal ticket and deliver it.
Kaztano!
Kaztano!
Hey, now!
This is fun!
Whoa, teenage girls!
That's twenty percent more money!
Naw, let's get what we can today.
If we go after those kinds of people, that thing might appear again.
Ugh. The headless thing?
Let's hedge our bets with this guy today.
What's up?
It sounds like there's something wrong with him.
Well, he's still a person.
Alright, a middle-aged dude's considered damaged goods, so I assume we're prepared to get less for him?
Hey.
Yo, meal ticket.
I'm Japanese!
I'm the same as you!
But many people say I look like a foreigner.
It makes me unpoko sad.
T/L Note: He messes up his Japanese.
There is sometimes bullying.
We won't even get enough to cover the cost of food.
What the hell does "unpoko sad" mean?
That's why if she doesn't have a "younger brother savior" character like Yuuta around,
she's just a crazy, masochistic wolf with a hair fetish.
You say "younger brother," but he's actually a guy dressed like a girl.
I want a "younger sister savior" character.
Oh, but an older sister character would be okay, too.
It's unforgivable that you're talking that way at dinner time.
Dotachin, let's go get some food.
Food, food!
Okay.
Wow, wow, wow, you did a great job as always.
This bathroom's bigger than my bedroom.
They tell me the concept for this place is "a cabaret that's a step above other places and provides a calm space in which to relax."
Hmph.
Ah, we should hurry. This day only comes once a month.
Yeah.
Who's that?
It's from Kaztano.
"The plate...broke."
Can't he just buy a new one?
At the 100 yen shop!
I'm Japanese!
Could he have messed up the kanji for "I got abducted by someone?"
You're over thinking it.
This guy's too loud. Put him to sleep now!
Gotchya.
Oh...
Come on, it's cheap!
Our ingredients are fresh!
So you heard about the rumor, Sonohara?
Yes.
She's fine. That rumor's a total lie.
That's right. Harima just went missing, it's not like she could only have been abducted.
There's no way that she could have been abducted and disposed of...
Why're you talking about this?
I just dug my own grave.
Alright, nigiri for three.
It's okay, we use fish in our sushi.
Even on half-price day, we don't use people.
But, the sushi bar on the corner...
He's going to keep this horrible topic going?!
Simon, the banner out front snapped in half!
The banner?!
Yeah, the banner.
Let's go fix it!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Let's fix it!
It's true!
The sushi bar on the corner doesn't use fish on half-price day, they use people! People!
Togusa,
let's decorate the car with anime characters and stuff.
It'll look great.
I'd kill you.
Italian cars are expensive, right? Since they're foreign and all.
Some salmon from the Inland Sea, please!
Some yellowtail and striped sea bass!
That's dangerous!
Yes, it is.
Ugh. No one empties a whole bottle of that, especially all over themselves.
It's no good. I'm...too sleepy.
You can't sleep until we deliver the goods.
Oh, crap.
M-My eyelids!
Look straight ahead!
Um, excuse me...
What?!
This guy's the source of sleepy. If you dump him there, we'll all be better.
Huh?
Kaztano?
We brought you some sushi.
Hey, we got an old plate from Russia Sushi for you.
Whoa, what happened?!
His email wasn't about a plate breaking...
Yeah...
It was a bowl!
Dotachin.
"Simple Kanji Conversion..."
Kaztano...
Kaztano was abducted by human traffickers.
We'll never find him again.
How will I ever manage without Kaztano?!
What will I stand for?!
We all knew just how important Kaztano was to Togusa.
No one could take Kaztano's place.
Not Karisawa, not Yumasaki, and not me.
We were all kind of sad.
If he was abducted at the time he sent that email, not much time has passed.
We'll find him and bring him back before he gets handed off.
But how?!
I know!
I saw their car!
Hasim!
He's here!
The best kind of "younger brother savior" character!
An alien autopsy took place in the town of Avers, Texas!
Okay, I understand. When she finds the car, all she has to do is free the foreigner, right?
We succeeded in interviewing someone who was present at the autopsy.
Yeah, but we don't know when or where the hand off will take place.
We just want to help him as soon as possible.
Okay, so it's a black van.
Do you know the plate number?
Yeah, I'll give it to you.
Just a second.
Okay.
Thanks, Hasim.
Can you eat sushi?
Yeah!
See you.
Does this have wasabi?
Yeah, it does.
You'll be fine. Russian wasabi isn't very strong.
You shouldn't lie to him.
Let's go.
Alright!
It's a black van, alright?
This is the plate number.
Be careful!
The perpetrators must be contracted by some corrupt organization.
They're probably just the underlings.
Apparently they abduct people who no one will look for once they disappear.
Those people are probably used for a bunch of different things.
It's just like cannibalism.
We haven't got many shipments this month.
Correct. Lately, our materials have started to get more cautio—
Enough with the excuses.
Just cut ties with any contractors that can't raise their numbers.
But—
Or would you like to become a subject?
You can leave now.
Seiji...
Shinra, you idiot!
It flaps and flutters in the gentle breeze.
The roaring sound—
We desperately searched for the black van that abducted Kaztano...
...with the notion we'd save him planted firmly in our hearts.
Good boy. Nice...
We tried everything we could think of...
But we didn't have the slightest idea where he could be.
Go!
Fear began to creep into my mind.
Fear that I may never again hear that nostalgic phrase Kaztano used to say.
That nostalgic phrase I heard so often as a kid.
That phrase I never thought I'd hear again once I grew up...
Do you have tickets? Tickets here!
Yes, Kaztano's occupation was on the brink of extinction.
Do you have tickets?
Mister, two tickets, please.
And Kaztano was the one who presented Togusa with the greatest joy of his life.
Great.
Hijiribe Ruri will forever be Togusa's goddess...
A goddess on whom Togusa one-sidedly showers his affections.
Togusa views Kaztano as a magician, since he was able to get him the seat closest to his goddess during a packed concert.
For Togusa's sake, we have to save Kaztano, no matter the cost.
Dotachin?
What're you talking about?
And to whom?
Well...
I was just thinking, why don't we try calling Kaztano's phone?
Maybe we can negotiate with his abductors.
Sushi love. I like the fatty tuna.
Who are you?
Is that your voice, Dotachin?
Yeah, I was walking by and found this guy sleeping, so I picked up the phone for him when I heard it ring.
Huh? Here?
I'm diagonal from the Southern Ikebukuro Taishouken...
I mean, c'mon, it's discount day at Russia Sushi—
Izaya, don't ever come to Ikebukuro!
Aw, Shizu-chan found me. Later.
IIIzaaayaaa!
Wake up!
Hey, wake up!
Hey, wake up!
Wake the hell up!
Don't use those; he'll stay asleep forever if you do.
But if we don't hurry, Kaztano will...
She's right! Once he's handed off, he'll be disposed of!
What're you gonna do?
I'm going to impersonate you and get them to tell me where they're going to hand off Kaztano.
It's almost time to hand this guy over.
A higher-up is coming, so be on the lookout.
Okay.
I'm a Japanese, right?
You're going to realize you've made a mistake, right?
You're still saying that?
Then it says you're Japanese in your family registry, right?
That's the thing; my family registry was destroyed in the fire bombings!
Just how old are you?!
Yes?
Hey, it's me.
Oh, Kanazawa? You woke up?
Sorry, I'll head over there right now.
By the way, where's the hand-off spot again?
Man, you're hopeless.
We're amazing...
We did it!
Yay!
It paid off!
We did it...
Who the hell are you?
We're...
The Dollars!
The Dollar...?
"S"!
Remember that!
I'm sleepy...
So sleepy...
Let's go.
The series of events that led us to join The Dollars was simple.
Before I knew it, Togusa, Yumasaki, and Karisawa were already hanging around me.
I don't know what's so great about someone like me...
Well, they are great people.
One day, I received an email on my cell phone.
It said, "Do you want to join The Dollars? There are no restrictions or rules.
All you have to do is say you're part of The Dollars."
It was a strange invitation...
From those eccentric Dollars I'd started hearing rumors about.
At first, I thought it was just a prank...
But I accepted for the hell of it, and the next day I was sent a URL and a password.
When I logged in, my handle was displayed right there on the website.
None of the members, including me, have ever met someone you could call a leader.
There are multiple smaller organizations within the main one...
...and although they form a hierarchy, no one can find the absolute top.
Since there's no top, I don't feel like I've been placed under anyone.
However, I'd be lying if I said I don't want to know who created this organization.
Don't tell anyone, but some people think he was the one.
That rude guy who started calling me Dotachin.
Mm, fatty tuna's the best.
What you're looking for isn't that way...
Nooo!
I'm sorry, Celty.
How much do you think we can sell him for?
Enough to pay off our expenses.
Is that all? Typical.
Huh?
Is that a higher-up?
Probably...
Eh?
What the hell?!
Kaztano!
We're here to save you, Kaztano!
It won't be so easy.
You're so impudent!
Ooh, what a retro phrase.
What's "impudent?"
Th-The headless thing!
But we made sure to get a worthless old guy!
We don't do it anymore! We won't do it anymore!
What?
Kaztano!
Dotacchino!
They're getting away!
Don't think you can get away! Yeah!
I'm turning right!
Can I go home?
You should just tell us now where you were going to hand him over.
No way, this'll be boring without some torture, right?
Please choose a book.
We'll base our torture method on the content of the book you choose.
Now I don't dare what you guys do, as long as you don't use gasoline inside the car again.
Gasoline?!
Togussano, it's morning ritual time!
Okay, I'll tell you, I'll tell you!
Yagiri Pharmaceuticals, huh?
What a fancy place.
Is this really it?
They're experimenting on humans here.
We were half in doubt about it.
At least, as far as we could tell from the outside...
However, there is usually an outer and an inner lining to everything.
There are mountains of things with evil linings in Ikebukuro.
Alright, shall we go get some food?
Sounds good!
I want the morning set at Russia Sushi!
Good enough for me. Let's go!
Alright, it's decided!
You can use as much money as you want, however you want.
Thanks, sis.
See you, Seiji.
Let's go.
That's the story of the Kaztano Incident.
How annoying!
What a pain!
How disgusting!
My body moves on its own if I can't keep it in check.
It doesn't care what will happen to me.
Next Time: Best In The Land.
That's why I hate violence!OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
I've been wondering if it's really okay for the Dollars to exist.
I have to...
I have to do something.
No matter what you learn about your partner or see her do, don't turn a blind eye to it.
A regular "gathering of the triumvirate."
She wore a Raira uniform...
a-and had big breasts...
I can't believe it.
I can't believe he'd...
The Yellow Scarves have surrounded some girl.
Where?
Behind the ward office... Oh, they're heading out. It looks like they're taking her somewhere.
What does she looks like?
That uniform...Maybe it's a Raira one? She's wearing a Raira uniform and has glasses...
And she has big breasts.
Why is Sonohara...?
Everyone in the Dollars! This is an emergency!
That's right, we should all help each other!
We can't just let them keep doing whatever they want!
The Yellow Scarves have gone too far!
Well now...
I'll enjoy the rest from the comfort of my living room.
Anyone who's close by, please help out! Everyone come together!
Hey, hey, hey, hey...
Are you in the Dollars?
You're the one who made a scene with the black biker, aren't you?
Huh?!
You bitch.
These people...are the Yellow Scarves?
Oh, officer, over here!
Hurry, hurry!
Tsk.
Wait!
Hey!
What did I do...?
This way.
Go straight. There's a door in the back.
I desperately thought I needed to do something.
Where the hell did she go?!
I found the girl. I got her to escape out the back of the Orb Ikebukuro building. They're still after her.
Is anyone near the Orb Ikebukuro building?!
But I've been confused and have done nothing but run away.
Panic! The exit's right there!
The danger is cheaper than the fear!
Why...?
Alright, it goes "click."
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
No fair, Horada!
The gourds, gaurds, guards for the Orb Ikubukuro building are also in the Dollars. Under and out!
Um, the area behind the Orb Ikebukuro building is where I work!
Who are you?
Why...?
Why are you helping me?
Damn...
Are you all right, sir?!
I helped out a bit; just one of the Dollars passing by. Well, I really was thinking about quitting, but...
Don't quit!
You can't quit!
I figured you'd come back.
A dream?
Where'd the girl go?
Is this...a dream?
Move it!
The girl has transformed into a bunny!
Dammit, where'd she go?
You bastard...
Won't you lose her if you don't hurry up?
Dammit!
What are you doing, you idiots?!
Wh-What happened?
The Dollars are screwing with us.
Call for backup!
We're going with numbers on this one!
I'm being helped by people I've never met.
It's like I'm having a dream.
The bunny's safely crossed the overpass!
Togusa, pick her up.
Roger that!
Fighting isn't good.
I'll turn you into sushi.
They're ringing! There're so many of them!
Ours aren't the only phones that're going off, though...
Theirs are, too.
What? A girl in a bunny suit?
A bunny suit?
With big tits?
Yeah. A bunny? Okay.
Where did the bunny go? Whoever sees it, report it immediately!
Is that her?
You can't tell if she's got big tits with that on, though.
She'll just have to show them to us.
But...
...my dream...
...has always been a lie.
Wait!
I'd only been having dreams about a happy family smiling cheerfully.
That's why this isn't a dream.
It's reality.
That's what this hand taught me.
And then, I suddenly realized...
...that he knew about my hand.
Even though he'd never touched it before...
This is...
Um...
Um...
How come you never notice what's important until it's too late?
Kida...
Why...?
"Why," you ask?
Do you think it's weird I saved you from that group of Yellow Scarves?
Eh?
That's my erotically cute Anri for you.
That looks really good on you.
Hey, can I ask you something?
What are you doing?
What were you spying on us for?
Tell me, Anri.
What are you after?
I...You...
What about me? Is this my fault?
Am I an idiot for protecting you?
I guess I am.
Don't...say that.
Does Mikado know?
What were you planning to do about him?
I...
Do you...
Do you think you understand him...
Why won't you tell—
Was it fun?! Tricking me and sucking up to him—
What am I...saying...?!
I...
I just didn't want to hurt anyone or have you get hurt.
I've run away from you, too.
I...
There she is!
We found you.
You're in the Dollars, aren't you, bitch?
No, I'm not.
Pft. Don't screw with us.
Don't hide it now.
If you're not part of the Dollars, then what are you?!
You want to know...what I am?
Hm? What?
What are you?
I said, "What are you?"
Oh, that's it! You're a crusader for justice!
You try to tempt us by saying, "Let's protect the peace!"
Well, we want to show you what happens when someone betrays us.
We beat the shit out of them!
What...did I do...?
And so, you can't be the only one without any bruises...
Shut up!
This thing's been going "beep beep beep" all friggin' day!
You think I can read all that?!
What am I going to do about some girl and a bunny?!
Shut up!
Huh?
Huh?!
I found the girl. She's okay. It's all settled.
Because...
Because...
Because the fortissimo of Ikebukuro has appeared!
Um...
Hm?
Thank you so much for saving me again.
Who are you?
Hey.
I've turned my phone off for the rest of the day.
See you.
Celty...
The mission was a success!
All hail the Dollars!
We did it! We did it!
This is what we're made of!
There's nothing to be afraid of if we all help each other out!
Thanks, everyone...
I've found it...
...the thing that's most important to me...
Mikado...?
Aww, it's already game-set?
Shizu-chan sure knows when to get involved.
However, this isn't over yet.
With this, I'll soon be able to put them in check and checkmate at the same time.
Ah, Celty, it came out! Get that mushroom!
Celty, that's totally impossible.
See, that's why I told you to be more careful...
Eh?! Not that!
Celty...
E-Excuse me.
I didn't want to wake you because you were sleeping so soundly.
I-I'm sorry for causing so much trouble.
It's no trouble at all. Just stick around here for a while.
Living by yourself would be dangerous.
Is that alright?
If you need anything, I can go get it.
Th-Thank you very much.
You're taking some time off from school starting today, right?
I already told Mikado about it, so...
You know Ryugamine?
Uhh, yeah, somewhat.
Um, I...
You don't have to worry about anything, Anri.
It's okay! I'm on your side, and this shady-looking guy in white is tr—
is, well, a friend.
Hey, what gives?
Why did you start to write "trustworthy," then stop?
Why, huh?
Celty?!
What a surprise.
What is?
It's just that I didn't know she lived with a guy.
The shogun hasn't shown up since.
Whatever, it doesn't matter. We know what we have to do.
Everyone here knows what we have to do, right?!
We're going to completely crush the Dollars!
I'm calling the police!
Where are you right now?
Those yellow guys are at it again.
They're all fired up.
My friend said someone got totally messed up.
We can't afford to lose. Let's pool our resources like we did before.
What are you thinking about right now?
The Dollars shall disappear.
What? What does that mean?
What? Isn't that our founder?
Our leader's running away?
Does that mean...we're going to disband?
Huh...
Nine thirty-four PM: the Dollars of Ikebukuro announce that they'll disband.
That's not it! To "disappear" equals being "clearly colorless"—the reason why we're the Dollars!
Our leader's so irresponsible.
No he's not! Believe in him!
Say something!
Explain yourself!
The Dollars shall disappear.
You're the worst.
Huh? We can't access it anymore.
Really?
We can view the front page, but the message boards have been completely closed off.
Hey, what's this mean?
It means he's being serious.
That's enough.
Just drop it.
I had a lot of time to myself, and lots and lots of time to think.
Their faces kept appearing in my thoughts.
Their smiling faces would appear, and just stay there.
Um...
Is it alright...if I have a talk with you?
Of course. I wanted to talk with you, too, Anri.
I feel like I can tell you everything, since you know about me...
I see.
I understand.
So, those two guys you're always with don't know about your true identity.
Kida and Ryugamine are always helping me out.
And yet, I...
First, we have to stop this conflict.
Alright.
I guess the only thing you can do is discuss it with Mikado.
Um...how well do you know him...?
Anri, how much do you know about Mikado?
Eh?
So you don't know...
He's in the same boat as you.
He's hiding something significant from you because you're a close friend and you're important to him.
Anyway, you should ask him yourself.
I'll bring him here.
Don't get any weird ideas while I'm out.
Don't bombard her with questions or perform any crazy experiments on her.
I know. Trust me.
Okay, I will.
I won't be long, Anri.
Celty...
I...don't want to keep running away.
Let's get out of here!
If you're going to hate someone, hate the guy who ordered us to do this—Kida Masaomi!
Why couldn't I move that one time?
What was I hesitating for?
What was I afraid of?
Saki, I won't be afraid anymore.
I won't run away anymore.
Next Time: All Mixed Up.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING B
OP START
OPENING B
OPENING B
ED START
"The Dollars?"
I don't really know much about them, either.
Anyway, there are a lot of them, and I hear all of them have short tempers.
Being absent on your first day of school...
I said I don't know!
Anyway, don't go near Heiwajima Shizuo.
Orihara Izaya?
He's really dangerous, so definitely don't get involved with him.
Yeah, that's Simon.
He works to pull customers into that Russian sushi bar.
Khorosho, khorosho!
It's Russian sushi.
It's good.
It's cheap!
Hey, mister, don't run away.
Russian sushi!
Excuse me.
Do you speak Russian?
Yes, I do.
Thank God.
How do I get to this place?
Ah, just go straight down this street.
Are you tourists?
Yes.
This is an enchanting city.
I'm sure you'll have a great time here.
Thank you very much.
If you have time, be sure to visit this restaurant.
Ikebukuro: a lively borough that spans both east and west.
To the north, there's a large-scale entertainment district.
They say that in one day over one million people visit this massive area.
Ikeburuko...
This town is full of criminals.
Like him...
And her.
They come to this town looking for something, seeking something, wanting to change something.
The class representatives have yet to be determined, so would anyone like to run?
A new town:
One where no one knows your past.
It's a chance for you to recreate yourself.
However...
Sonohara...Sonohara Anri, is it?
Anyone else?
Then the girls' representative is decided.
I'll leave the rest to you, Sonohara.
Uh...umm...
Are there any boys who want to be class representative?
I want to do it, but it might also be a pain...
Yet I'd feel bad if someone else did it...
You do it!
You serious?!
But I'd have to deal with her!
Yes.
Uh...umm...
I'm Ryugamine...Mikado.
Sonohara!
Um, about the meeting we have with the other classes, I've never done this sort of thing before, so...
Excuse me! I've some business to attend to!
I underestimated you.
I can't believe you'd proactively pursue a lovey-dovey rendezvous and try to hunt a girl down when,
in elementary school, you burst into tears when people spread rumors about you and your childhood friend.
Yeah, yeah...
But you're still naïve.
Just because you came to Tokyo doesn't mean your life will turn into a feel-good romantic comedy.
I-It's not like I...
On that note...let's go pick up some girls!
I'm in the now,
I'm the future,
And my time for popularity has come!
They'd never go for a high schooler.
People come to this town in search of change.
But change never comes easily.
Even if you try to change locations, you're still the old you.
What? No way.
I have a boyfriend anyway.
That doesn't matter! Just having some tea with a guy doesn't count as cheating.
Oh, hey, did you hear?
Yumi's new boyfriend is in The Dollars.
What?! Really?!
I wonder if she's scared at all.
How interesting! Let's talk about it over tea.
Aren't The Dollars like a biker gang or something?
No, they don't ride bikes or anything.
There are some people in this town who perpetuate violence.
They wear a specific color that signals what group they're in,
Otherwise known as "color gangs."
However, there's one gang that's been gaining prestige recently, yet has no identifying color.
But if you had to pick one, it'd be "clearly colorless."
That's The Dollars' color.
They communicate through their private website.
They say they're a special kind of group.
Oh yeah, there are rumors going around that The Dollars are behind those recent slasher incidents, right?
Oh, really?
Like I said, we should talk about this more over some tea.
I know a great place.
The Dollars?
Yes, I know that gang.
What sort of people are in it?
The Dollars are amazing!
I heard they're getting involved with the Chinese mafia.
And the stabbing of that Yakuza guy was also supposedly perpetrated by The Dollars.
Argh, this sucks.
They all ran away because you were wearing that depressing expression.
Kida!
How goes it?
Um, you're the kid with the manga-style name...
Mikado, right?
Wanna go to Toranoana with us?
Suji Yasuda's doing a signing there today!
Don't yell stuff like that out loud.
Huh? Why? What's wrong with talking about the artist Suji?
The Dollars?
Yeah, I know the name...
I heard the rumor from my friend today...
Hmmm.
I've never seen them, so do they really exist?
Are you saying it's an Internet prank?
I don't know about that, but...
If they really do exist, I wouldn't want to get anywhere near them.
The Dollars?
They fight with the Flame Haze that's sealed in the basement of Sunshine 60, right?
That's not it, Yuma-chi.
They're angels that fly around going, "Pi, piru piru" and show their panties.
Why're you asking about The Dollars?
I can't really say...
You get scared after hearing those stories?
I've heard a lot of rumors, too.
They're a rather dangerous lot.
Is...that so?
You shouldn't approach them just out of curiosity.
Don't be overly inquisitive.
You're so cool, Kadota!
You're totally like a mature main character who's just a bit cranky.
You'd be popular among girls who like middle-aged men.
No, no, no...
Shut up!
There are also areas in this town you shouldn't enter.
You won't get sick!
Try it once!
You won't die if you just try it once!
Man, I'm hungry.
Yeah.
Let's get something to eat before we go to the next—
It's the headless rider!
No way!
Huh?
I don't need any occult crap this early.
She's working pretty hard.
Some people get swallowed up by the city and disappear.
And others search for them.
I'll meet her. I'll definitely find her.
My love will bring her to me.
Is that Harima?
Harima!
I thought you were someone else! I'm sorry!
And this town is full of danger.
Hey.
Like here.
C'mon, let's get some tea.
And here.
He wanted to change.
You serious?!
He felt like something would change in this new town, that something would happen.
But...
The only thing waiting for him was a darkness hiding in the shadows of this bright city.
He froze with fear.
He feared he might not be able to live in this town.
I know how you feel!
Huh?
You're treated as a sexual pervert when you ride the train, people try to recruit you into cults wherever you go,
you go home and get into trouble with your neighbors, and to top it off, there's The Dollars and the headless rider!
That's the concrete jungle of Tokyo!
But!
Overcome it!
You pledged to become a fine Ikebukuroer, so show us all and overcome this tribulation!
Mikado!
Ryugamine...Mikado!
Well, I'll be around, so there's no need to worry.
Kida...
And never forget to smile when you pick up girls. Smile.
But, I'm pretty sure it's impossible to pick up girls who're already part of the workforce.
What're you saying?
All we're trying to do is talk to them, so we're fine.
You're putting on airs even though Harima Mikawa's gone?
So you're a class representative?
She's getting bullied. And in a totally cliché way.
With that much makeup on, they can't be too imposing.
My boyfriend's, like, here with me today.
Kyoko's boyfriend's in The Dollars, you know.
Hiroshi!
Yo, yo! You talkin' to one ov da Dollahs here! Let's get it on! Yeah, man!
People like him will all do the same thing in this situation.
Man, this is so cliché it's actually interesting.
I know I should help her.
But, how...?
Stop it, you guys!
No way, I'd get killed.
Then...
Hey, Sonohara, what a coincidence!
Let's go!
He's so cool!
That's it!
That's the only way!
She getting bullied?
So, you plan on making them stop?
Also, this city plays host to countless unimaginable events.
Uh, umm...
Eh? Eh? Eh? What?
Eh?
Huh?!
J-Just wait a—
Da-da-da-da...da.
What?!
Er, umm...
Bullying people isn't cool.
Huh?!
Not at all.
What's it to you, geezer?
You're right, it doesn't matter to me whether you get beat up or die in a ditch.
Even if I do punch you, you're still going to call me a geezer despite the fact I'm twenty-three,
so our irrelevancy to each other extends to eternity.
Huh?!
Humans are quite spirited.
Well, my hobby isn't hurting young girls...
So I decided to make it...stepping on young girls' cell phones.
Wai—
Who is this guy?!
I'm through with this.
Stepping on girls' cell phones isn't my hobby anymore.
Hiroshi!
Yo, yo, yo!
Hey, man!
Violence?
Oooh, how scary!
Wh-Why you...!
Whoa, I give up!
Wait! Wait!
I won't forget this!
The interlopers take to the stage.
Yeah, you're a good kid, trying to save someone who's getting bullied.
Long time no see, Kida Masaomi.
Yeah...hi...
Those are Raira Academy uniforms, right?
Congratulations on getting in.
Thank you very much.
It's rare for you to be here in Ikebukuro, isn't it, Izaya?
This is the Orihara Izaya who we're not supposed to make an enemy of?!
Oh, he's just my friend.
I'm Orihara Izaya.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Ryugamine Mikado!
That sounds like the name of an air conditioner.
Uh, yeah...
So, why are you here in Ikebukuro?
I'm here to see someone.
I already met him, though.
No way! That's a convenience store trash can!
It just flew over here!
Why?!
This is bad...
I-za-ya...
A bartender?
Didn't I tell you never to come to Ikebukuro again, I-za-ya?!
Shizu-chan...
Don't you work over at the west entrance?
I got fired a long time ago.
And I told you to stop calling me that.
I have a name, and it's Heiwajima Shizuo!
Heiwajima Shizuo?
Another person we shouldn't make an enemy of!
Oh, Shizu-chan, are you still mad I pinned that crime on you?
No, I'm not.
I just want to punch the shit out of you.
I'm not good at dealing with you, since you don't listen to reason.
I'm in trouble now...
Just let me go.
There he is! That's him!
You did a great job of embarrassing me back there!
Don't you know what'll happen if you mess with The Dollars?
Huh?
Is he wearing bartender clothes?
No way! He wasn't here before!
He-Heiwajima...Shizuo?!
Who the hell are you?!
Some people lose the ability to think clearly in the face of fear.
You were aiming for my head just then, weren't you?
So you knew that I could die depending on where you hit me, right?
And since you knew that, trying to hit me there means you wanted to kill me, right?
Then, you won't complain no matter what I do to you!
People who possess overwhelming power tend to inspire instinctual fear.
To him, acting violent is like wearing clothes—no, he lives solely on violence—no, he's violence incarnate.
That man...
You idiots! Don't run away—
Alright, see you!
I...won't...let...you...run...away!
Wait! How...?
From above...?
He chose the wrong part of my joke to make fun of, but I'll answer his question anyway.
I was making a delivery to a regular customer on the top floor of that building.
Simon, you...
Shizuo, fighting isn't good.
Shut up!
See how you like it!
Hey, Mikado, now's the time!
What? No way! Mikado!
Huh? Wai—Just a—
I can't breathe!
I-I'm sorry!
Sometimes, this city can send you a gift.
A very small, yet large miracle.
Like the possibility that the adventure he'd been looking for—a new story—was about to unfold...
And...
Um...
Thank you very much.
Eh?
Please excuse me.
Eh? Uhh...
And sometimes, nothing unfolds.
I found you.
My love...
They said it's The Dollars again.
I heard! They were fighting with a guy named Heiwajima Shizuo—
I heard The Dollars started a fight.
They started an impromptu fight with Heiwajima Shizuo?!
Apparently.
No, that's not it.
I just happened to see the fight, but those guys are just Dollars impostors.
I'm not talking about that.
Recently, a bunch of people calling themselves "The Dollars" have been mugging people on the streets.
Eh?
They're scary, they're terrible, those Dollars.
Be careful.
...Thanks.
They sure are scary...
Those Dollars.
Izaya came to Ikebukuro, so just when I figured I'd snuff him out, Simon jumps in and interferes.
But, just why did he come here...?
This city is filled with foreigners.
They come here looking for something, seeking something, wanting to change something.
Welcome, Welcome!
It's the same for me.
Sushi's good!
Eat sushi!
Please listen to my story.
To the story of me and her; a tale like no other.
I'd like you to listen to the whole thing.
Next Time: Living In Isolation.
You'll surely be kept on the edge of your seat and lose your sanity.OPENING STARTS
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
I'll kill the bastard who ordered them to do this—Kida Masaomi!
Those are the eyes of someone who's prepared to die.
Do you mean 
What Horada?
I thought I should tell you what he's thinking.
I'm also prepared to kill someone.
I won't let anyone contradict that!
Are you prepared to accept what you're about to see, no matter how horrible it may be?
Kida!
Why...?
Masaomi...?
Mikado...!
Ryugamine...?
Why...?
This is definitely about as bad as it gets.
So, the black biker shows herself!
Guys, turn all these losers into dust!
Now! Turn on them!
You bastard!
Hey, what's going on?
What the hell is this?!
You piece of shit!
Yo.
Ka-Ka-Kadota!
Wh-Why you...!
If you tricked someone with this disguise, then you should have been wary about adding new people.
Kadota...
Just what's...
Well, Togusa gave me this idea:
when Izumii got arrested, a guy named Horada was the only one to get away scot-free.
Then he rounded up about thirty of his friends, had everyone throw on some yellow, and they all snuck into your gang.
Although I left Yumasaki and Karisawa behind, since they're easily recognizable.
So, we don't get to help out at all?
Well, we are easily recognizable.
I didn't want to remember anything about you.
You're just that despicable.
Are you the one who broke Saki's leg?
N-No...I...
Are you the one who made Saki cry?!
My gun... Where's my gun?!
So it was you!
Damn you!
I was planning on breaking your skull open with that crowbar...
Mikado and Anri don't belong in this type of world.
So there's no reason for them to see a corpse.
That's what I think...
Masaomi!
Masaomi!
Hang in there, Masaomi!
Kida!
Celty told me all about your and Sonohara's identities.
I'm sorry, I...
I had no idea...
Ryugamine, I...
You don't have to say anything. I get the gist of it.
So, don't force yourself to say anything.
It probably wouldn't have turned out like this if I'd just talked to you guys about what I was suffering through and worrying over.
I also felt like you were pulling away from me...
I was so scared...
Masaomi...
It's my fault!
I couldn't tell either of you about myself...
Sonohara...
I'm sorry.
Even though you're both very important to me...
...and I've always been so close to you...
You guys are absolutely perfect for each other.
Masaomi...
Hey, can I ask a favor of you if you're going to take me to a hospital?
What?
Take me to Raira General. I have a girl who's waiting for me there.
I'm counting on you...
Masaomi?
Masaomi?
Masaomi?!
He looks awful.
Kadota...!
Man, I told him not to run away, but this time he did too good a job of facing things head-on.
He needs to know what a happy medium is.
So, are these people...?
Yeah, they're all in the Dollars.
There are certain things you can do when you don't have a color.
Even if you tell them to disappear, they are who they are, so there's no way they can.
Hey, Horada's getting away!
This way, Horada.
That bastard...
I'll go after them.
Take Kida to the hospital.
Okay, got it!
I have a van parked out front.
Togusa, I'm counting on you!
Okay!
I've got something to clean up. I'll leave Kida to you.
What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Horada, Higa's not here!
Leave him!
Sh-Sh-Sh-She's here!
I-I-It's the black biker!
Shut up!
What are we going to do, Horada?
For now, we're going to run away.
We'll escape somewhere and wait until things cool down...
Then, once Izumii gets out of the pen, it'll be payback time!
Horada, in front of us! In front of us!
In front?
Th-That's...Shizuo!
That's Heiwajima Shizuo!
He's alive?!
Um, why's there a street sign in the middle of the road?
How is he still alive? How?!
Horada!
Hey...
You won't get away!
Pull yourself together, Horada!
Th-The black biker!
Calm down, Horada!
You've got some nerve, coming that close to a police bike.
Don't underestimate traffic cops, you brats.
Horada and the others were arrested.
I heard they claimed that Heiwajima Shizuo destroyed their car, but their words fell upon deaf ears.
Take care of him.
Thank you for everything.
Huh?
Where's Sonohara?
That's it all right.
Now I can finally get that reward from the Awakusu Association.
Okay. However, I couldn't retrieve the bullets...
Well, that's fine.
I would've been lucky if you'd killed Shizu-chan with this.
So, you used me to give Horada that information about Shizuo?
He would've died if you'd hit him in either the head or the heart.
How disappointing.
And that's how it is, Mother.
Huh?
Um...Thank you very much.
Now go home and live a normal life.
Um...so you're Orihara Izaya?
Oh, you're Sonohara Anri?
Or should I say Saika?
What do you want at this late hour?
You're going to let me slash you.
Oh?
Why? Why have you done this?
I haven't really done anything.
Well, if I had to give a reason for my actions, I guess it's because I love people.
I guess I wanted to see the many faces that mankind has to offer.
Question time!
Was my answer just now the truth or a lie?
I'll know...once I gain control of you.
By the way, what about you?
If you truly want to lead a happy, peaceful life, shouldn't you just slash everyone you know?
That's...
That's not the answer!
Well then, can you say that it's right to not make your feelings for either Mikado or Kida clear, despite knowing they're both attracted to you?
Don't you just use your belief that you can't love others as an excuse to complacently accept how things are?
Aren't you just using your assumption that you can't love others as an excuse to be complacent with how things currently are?
Saika loves people in your stead?
Don't be ridiculous—
Just shut up!
You know...
You shouldn't underestimate me.
I mean, it's not like I got to be Shizu-chan's rival by just pretending to fight with him.
At the very least...
You shouldn't have given this to me.
I'll tell you right now that I won't use it on you.
Just whom should I use it on?
How about that couple walking by over there?
It shouldn't cause you too much emotional pain, since you can't love others.
I'd known for a long time that Higa had fallen victim to the Slasher.
Why do you think I told him to get this gun back for me?
Because of you.
I wanted to declare war on you.
I deeply love people, too.
Like I'd ever hand them over to some sword.
People are my playthings.
Oh, but you can have Shizu-chan; I don't need him.
I'm praying for you to cut him up like a fish as soon as possible.
Good luck!
See you!
You're late.
What's up with your face?
What happened?
I got hit with a pretty good punch.
Hey!
Huh?
Simon?
Hey, I have something to tell you, but you're not going to like it.
You're so cowardly it's funny.
Yeah...I know I'm a coward.
But, Simon...
I love my own cowardice.
Do you remember Masaomi's girlfriend? She called my store.
She told us all about you and what you're doing.
Saki did?
Why would she...?
Because she's truly in love with Masaomi.
It looks like she's turned her back on you.
I see... Saki, huh...
Hey, Izaya...
Don't ransack this town too much.
Simon, I told you I truly love people.
Don't try to trick me with that logic.
In reality, you just don't want to lose to Shizuo, right?
You just have a Shizuo complex, don't you?
You don't realize just how much those around you can tell what you're thinking.
...Simon,
You seem like a totally different person when you're speaking Russian.
Hey, can I ask you something?
What?
You're the one who told Horada about Mikado, right?
I wonder...
Vindictive people like you are just scary.
Geez...whenever someone reacts exactly the way I expect them to,
there are always people like Shizuo and Simon who turn those expectations on their heads.
That's why I'll never ever stop loving people.
That's it!
That's definitely how I'm able to keep working this piece of shit job.
It's so fun it makes me vomit.
I'll say it again, but I'm pretty sure that humanity hates you.
Probably...
Sa...
I know.
You never came, did you, Masaomi?
You just kept calling Izaya, didn't you?
Again and again...
Izaya laughed as he showed me his phone's incoming call history.
But you don't need to worry about it.
Even if you had come, not much would've changed.
Stop it...
Then at least you didn't get injured...
Let's break up!
Let's break up...
I'm horrible...
What did Saki ever see in me?
The fact that you're oddly obedient.
How long have you been here?
Not long.
Karisawa and the others told me everything.
You're a fool.
You really are a fool, Masaomi.
You've known that for a long time.
Um, there's something I have to apologize for.
Actually, I got caught by those people on purpose.
Izaya told me it'd all stop if I did.
That's why that night...
That night, I went by myself to their meeting place...
And afterwards, Izaya told people about it...
I know.
He told you to, didn't he?
He told you to keep pretending you couldn't walk so he could reign me in.
He probably wanted to turn me into his pawn.
Masaomi...
I have ESP, you know.
This is the first time I've ever disobeyed him.
I think I can finally say it.
I couldn't come save you.
I'm sorry.
But, I still love you.
So, please, don't break up with me.
Hey...
You really are a fool, Masaomi.
You're an absolute idiot.
I can't help it.
Can't you close your eyes to at least one of my faults?
If you know you have one, then fix it.
We'll fix it together.
A few days later, Masaomi disappeared along with Mikajima Saki.
They notified the school that they were dropping out and just disappeared.
Everyday life changed for the three of us that had been living together.
And yet, the city hasn't changed at all.
Russia Sushi!
Neither has he,
Ready, go!
nor have they,
or them,
or him,
or him,
It's so tranquil.
Yeah.
Apparently there's internal strife even amongst the remaining people from the Blue Squares,
and the Yellow Scarves have also quieted down a lot.
I see. Then there's no reason to worry about anyone coming after Anri or Mikado for the time being.
Eh?
Wai... What's with that bold change of clothes?
If you're going to provoke me like that, I've got to take a shower and prepare some bed sheets.
Huh?
What's wrong?
Well, usually you'd give me a Hell Stab somewhere around here or pinch my cheek.
I actually am trying to provoke you.
Or even them.
We'll never regain the everyday life that we've lost, will we?
I wonder if I loved Kida...
Is that why I feel so lonely?
But, I don't know.
I don't really...understand that stuff.
There is one thing I understood.
The Dollars are this city.
Various people come and go, without being dyed a certain color.
There's always something happening.
There are always people hating and loving each other, cultivating friendships, and passing others by.
Just like a city will continue to exist as long as there are people around, the Dollars will also continue to exist.
No matter what anyone says.
Good Evening.
'Evening.
Good Evening.
Oh, we have a new person, I see.
Hello,
nice to meet you. I'm Bacula.
Kanra invited me to join!
Huh, I met him through the Internet, but did you as well, Bacula?
No, we know each other from RL.
We're like business partners! At least that's the front we put up...
Kya!
When are you going to die, Kanra?
That's a harsher quip than I expected!
That's horrible.
Sorry,
Kanra was being really annoying,
So I just...
Um, Bacula,
please excuse me if I'm wrong.
Are you Masaomi?
Is that you, Masaomi?
It...It'd be great if you'd just say something.
You've met me in RL, so please tell everyone what's so charming about me.
The square root of three points.
Huh?
If I were to express your charm with points, it'd be the square root of three points.
So, in other words, I'm so beautiful that you can't evenly divide me?
More like you're too difficult for elementary school kids, so we shouldn't show you to them.
Oh, sorry,
this is it for me today.
Okay.
See you.
Good night.
Um, Bacula!
Please come again!
You're always welcome!
I'll be back. See you!
'Night.
Good Night!
A place to come home to and an everyday life that's been lost...
...also exists on the Internet.
He'll come back.
Eh?
Masaomi will definitely come back.
So, let's give him crap when he does.
Let's pretend to be really mad at him as a joke!
Both of us will do it together.
I still think it's mysterious even now...
...but I also get the feeling it's not.
Anyway, it was something that changed my life.
And yet, it seems like nothing's changed at all.
It was something very, very strange,
and, at the same time, something everyone experiences.
It all happened here in Ikebukuro.OPENING STARTS
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
I've found it...
the thing that's most important to me...
Why won't you tell—
Was it fun?! Tricking me and sucking up to him—
I...don't want to keep running away.
You can't run from the past, Masaomi.
You're worrying about something to do with that past, aren't you?
If you're going to hate someone, hate the guy who ordered us to do this—Kida Masaomi!
The Dollars shall disappear.
Russia Sushi, Russia Sushi!
It's good.
It's cheap.
How about it, mister?
Boss.
Hello, Russia Sushi.
I didn't know whom to call, so I decided to call you.
Huh? What are you talking about?
I thought I should tell you what he's thinking.
Namie, what do you suppose this is?
Check? Checkmate? Or atari?
Hey...
Oh, she's not here...
What should we do?
The yellow guys are still acting out.
Apparently, that Horada guy is really influential.
What's Kida up to?
I don't know.
Horada?
Do you mean 
What Horada?
I'm the worst.
Suspicion is swirling about inside of me.
Has Mikado been ordering the Dollars around like this because he knows everything?
Has Anri been colluding with him?
Or has she just been using him?
Either way, that's low.
But I'm even lower than that for doubting them like this.
What should I do?
Where should I go?
There's no place left for me to go...
Come in.
I know why you're here.
I figured things would get out of hand if I didn't do it.
I thought it was the most Dollarsesque thing to do.
Even if it's only in name...
Not having a specific form is what the Dollars are all about.
This way, we'll go back to being completely colorless.
The Slasher and the Yellow Scarves might also calm down.
I've found what's important to me...
And I think I'm okay with things as they are.
I get it.
But that's not why I'm here today.
Hello?
Hey, it's me, Horada.
What? Did something happen?
Well, you don't have to come to the meetings anymore.
Huh?
You're fired. You, the shogun, have been fired.
You've been terminated, sacked.
What are you talking about?
Ryugamine Mikado, was it? Your friend's name.
I was surprised to learn that our boss is friends with the Dollars' boss.
Wait, who'd you hear that from?!
It doesn't matter who.
By the way, you did a great job tricking us this whole time.
Everyone here has a look of shock on his face.
What are you planning on doing?
Killing the Dollars' boss, obviously.
Everyone's just itching to go on a rampage.
I've also ordered that you be killed on sight.
You'll never be able to walk around Ikebukuro again.
See you.
Mikado...!
Do you love Sonohara Anri?
Do you see Kida Masaomi as a close friend?
What's the meaning of this?
The number you have dialed is currently—
Please leave a message after the beep.
Coming!
Yo.
This is earth-shattering!
What happened?!
Stuff and things...
I've been shot.
You've sustained massive injuries to a section of your abdominal muscles.
Why are you walking around in this condition?!
Why? Because I can.
Mr. Heiwajima?
Why are you here...?
Oh, this is bad...
Who are you, again?
She's Anri.
Oh, sorry, Anri.
What in the world happened?
Well, at first I thought that I'd slipped and fell in the rain.
Then I noticed that blood was gushing from my stomach and leg...
So I realized, "Oh, I've been shot."
By the time I decided to kill the people who did this to me, they'd already run away.
He's an idiot, isn't he?
Do you want to die?
I apologize from the bottom of my heart.
Hurry up and fix me.
I have to go kill them.
Don't be ridiculous!
I'll kill the guys who shot me, along with the guy who ordered them to—Kida Masaomi!
The number you have dialed is currently—
I no longer felt suspicious of Mikado or Anri.
If the Yellow Scarves were to attack Mikado...
Or if they kidnapped Anri to bring Mikado out of the woodwork...
Why couldn't I move back then?
What was I hesitating for?
What was I afraid of?
The past will be only too happy to chase you.
That's...not true, is it?
It's all true.
What about Masaomi?
Does he know about me?
I don't know.
But something about Kida didn't seem normal when he was berating Anri.
He may have known at the time that you're the Dollars' founder.
That's...
Who told him that?
I know a certain information dealer who loves seeing people worry and suffer.
You started the Dollars; you can do with it what you want.
However, what's going on between you three won't change just because you disbanded the Dollars.
Why didn't they tell me...?
Why couldn't you tell them?
That's because I thought that stuff with the Dollars was my problem.
They probably thought the same thing.
What you see isn't necessarily reality.
Everyone has secrets...
...things they can't tell others.
There are no normal people anywhere.
So, don't be afraid!
Face Anri, Kida, and your own reality head on!
If you love her, confess everything to her!
This is a problem for you three to solve—not the Slasher or the Dollars or the Yellow Scarves.
Hello. Celty?
I'm running after her right now...
...but Shizuo's been shot and Anri suddenly ran out of the apartment.
Well, that's not why she ran out.
And apparently Kida Masaomi's the one who ordered the hit.
I can't keep up.
My breath...
Sorry, I can't make a coherent conversation...
She's so fast!
Anri's so fast!
Hey, Kida!
What's wrong?
You don't look like business is booming.
Are you hungry again?
Simon...
You seem down.
That's not like you.
Hey, Simon...
Your sushi is awesome.
If I could, I'd not only give it five stars, but the whole Stars and Stripes.
Russia Sushi always had great food.
Are you going to go fight?
Or are you going to kill and be killed?
What? Why would you say something like that all of a sudden?
Are you pretending to have ESP or something?
Has Izaya started something again?
It's not like that.
Killing and being killed isn't good.
Where I'm from, you would definitely die if you said the word "fight."
Kida, your eyes look like those of someone who's prepared to die.
Simon...
That won't do. This is Ikebukuro.
It's not the town I'm from.
It's warm and people will give you food even if you have no home.
No one will freeze to death by forgetting to drink vodka before going to sleep.
There's no reason...for kids like you to kill each other.
I'm sorry. I have to go...
Kida...
Someone!
Anyone in the Yellow Scarves!
They're not here. None of them are here.
If that's the case...
How interesting...
How interesting, indeed!
The three close friends—who each carry their own secrets...
...are about to learn each other's secrets in an almost-ideal way, all because ill will has been coincidentally accumulating bit by bit.
Although, most of that ill will comes from me...
But still, the go-between...
He's a callous person and doesn't really hold the viewers' interest.
I wonder if I should've chosen better actors?
What do you think, Namie?
Do you really think the Yellow Scarves should stay like this?!
Look, we're not some ragtag group like the Dollars.
We have a power that stems from leadership!
It seems that the Dollars' leader has ordered them to disband, but don't be fooled!
That's definitely just a half-assed trick!
We're going to completely crush them!
If we use this momentum to take out the Dollars, we won't just rise to the top of Ikebukuro, we'll take all of Tokyo!
Do you understand? Imagine it!
Imagine absolutely every single group in Tokyo taking orders from us!
That eyesore named Heiwajima Shizuo isn't around anymore.
The only ones in the Dollars acting tough are Kadota and his friends.
We'll crush them, and then take out their leader—Ryugamine!
If we do that, we'll have nothing to fear!
Alright, let's go out into Ikebukuro!
No matter what, isn't killing a bad idea?
It's fine.
We have nothing to fear now that Heiwajima Shizuo's gone.
We'll get crushed by the police!
If it comes to that, we'll just say we're having a disagreement with the Dollars.
There's no way that would go over well!
Shut up! Yes, it will!
It'll be totally fine!
Horada...
It'll definitely go well.
It's in the cards.
The police?! They're already here?!
You!
What the hell did you come here for?!
Oh, Celty...
Are you going to eat sushi again?
I'm looking for Kida Masaomi and Sonohara Anri.
Have you seen them?
I saw Kida.
He looked very, very serious.
Probably a fight.
I couldn't stop him.
Do you know where he went?
I haven't seen any of those yellow guys.
Kida's definitely at their place.
Understood.
Thanks.
Are you prepared to accept what you're about to see, no matter how horrible it may be?
Yes.
What's the meaning of this?
I barely see anyone I know.
I can't reach anyone by cell phone, either.
You guys couldn't be—
Well, last night, a mysterious group ambushed everyone who was opposed to me being the leader for some reason.
My, how scary!
It must've been the work of the Dollars!
Am I right, guys?!
You bastard!
You're an idiot for wanting to come here.
"Like a moth to the flame," right?
Or maybe I should try what Izumii did.
I'll break your leg and say, "Okay, it's question time."
What...did you just say?!
Huh?!
Did you...just say "Izumii?!"
After that, hmmm...
I've done some very bad things with the Yellow Scarves.
I think I'll totally change the name and color of this gang.
Yes...to a color as pale blue as your face is now.
You...!
No, you guys...
It couldn't be...
So, you finally noticed?
Yes, everyone here is a member of the Blue Squares, who you hate so much.
Don't call us refugees or anything disgusting like that.
We've taken over the Yellow Scarves.
Seriously...
All we had to do was take off our blue colors and say we wanted in, and you let us!
What?
You finally feel like getting down on your knees and groveling?
No, I actually feel kind of refreshed.
Huh?
Now that I've been fired from the Yellow Scarves, I'm just a simple high schooler who hits on girls.
Huh?
I'm just a loser who couldn't even save his own girlfriend.
I was an idiot for thinking I could turn my back on my past and live as a normal high schooler.
That's why I came here.
I...I'm just Kida Masaomi.
That's why... That's why I came here!
My past, which had been continually chasing me, had suddenly left me behind.
You can't run away anymore.
In absolute, complete, and total earnest.
The past and memories get lonely easily.
If that's so, then it's my turn to chase my past, isn't it?
Huh?
They say the past gets lonely easily.
You have to hurry up and chase it...
What's with all the nonsense, you idiot?!
You know, I wasn't just prepared to die when I came here.
I was also prepared to kill someone.
Well, I guess...
...to be more specific, to kill you.
I'll say it again and again.
That's why I came here!
I won't let anyone contradict that!
What're you assholes doing?!
Hurry up and crush this idiot!
What was I hesitating for?
It was so simple...
Hey, he's only one guy!
What's taking you so long?!
I am who I am.
That's all it is...
Saki, I'm not afraid anymore.
I'll overtake it.
Just a little more, and I'll overtake my past.
Guys, do something now!
You're all useless!
Oh yeah...
What was that? Don't scare me like that, you piece of shit!
Y-You bastard... I'll seriously kill you!
Huh?! Just what the hell do you think you're doing?!
Sorry.
Apparently, Mother will be sad if you kill this guy, so I decided to take action.
Yes...
Huh?!
No, I know.
I'm sorry, but it seems that Mother is nearby.
Huh?
Kida!
Anri...
Why...?
Masaomi?!
Mikado...!
Ryugamine?
Why...?
I still think it's strange even now, but I had an experience that was very unusual and life-changing, yet common.
Next Time: Transcending Oneself.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
You're a parasite.
What an easy way to live.
I want to become stronger.
...Strong enough to keep my own anger in check.
Takashi! Takashi! Takashi!
Saika's purpose is to love people.
Let's all love each other!
I guess it's okay to use all of it now.
I live by feeding off Saika, who loves people for me.
Oh, Anri.
You're up so high!
That's a lie...
And that's the truth...
Heiwajima Shizuo...
I love you...
He's so strong...
No...
He's scary...
No...
He's so cool!
I...
...knew he was incredibly strong, but...
I didn't know he was THIS strong...
Something happened, didn't it?
How about you go see what it is?
You're not doing anything anyway, right?
Those are made of the same stuff as my scythe.
They'll stop something as weak as a blade.
Thanks.
Well then...
That katana...is Saika?!
Then, before...the one who attacked me was...?
You even did that to your own parents?!
It looks like you didn't teach the children spawned from your Saika how to fight.
I have a favor to ask.
Please tell the other Saikas to stop.
They should stop if you, the parent, tell them to.
I could also order them to stop by possessing you with my parent Saika...
That's impossible!
I've suppressed Saika!
With the power of love!
To have someone like you who doesn't even know how to love...!
I'll let you listen to something for a bit.
It's what's perpetually echoing inside of me:
Saika's...
Words of love...
I love you.
I love people very much.
I love you.
No!
That was a lie...
Stop it!
And that was the truth...
Her dad, who ran an antique shop...
...would blow off steam by...
...beating his family.
And, little by little, she closed herself off.
That was when...
the Slasher appeared.
I love you.
I love...you.
Her mother was the Slasher.
I like you.
I love you.
I love you.
Our love should have cut into him.
Once we injure someone, our thoughts should flow into his body via fear and pain...
...but he doesn't feel fear...
Heiwajima Shizuo doesn't...
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Don't misunderstand;
No one loves me because they're afraid of me...
Don't make me laugh.
I'm the one who's scared!
I can't control this power...
...and I'm constantly afraid of failing.
That's right, I'm the biggest coward in the world.
But so what if I am?
The fact that I'm a coward has nothing to do with beating the crap out of you.
Besides, I can't go down...
...in front of the people who love me.
How...
...can you stand that voice?
I have many deficiencies.
That's why I leech off things—to make up for what I lack.
I don't have the heart to love people, so I can bear this voice forever.
Forever and ever, objectively—
I did it!
That's right, I'd never lose to you...
Why are you afraid?
Being slashed is an outcome of love, isn't it?
You let me slash you?!
Why?!
I'm going to do something terrible to you.
So now I won't owe you anything.
I'm going to have my Saika possess you.
I won't apologize.
If I do, that would mean I'd have to contradict my way of life.
I don't think I'm being fair...
Since I'm trying to protect my peaceful life by doing something terrible to you.
But, I can't help it...
...because I'm a parasite.
I love you.
Saika gets lonely easily.
From our point of view, it may seem wrong...
But it truly does love people.
So, please love Saika, Niekawa.
Because—unlike me—you have the ability to love people.
Stop!
Just frigging stop!
Huh?
How'd we get like this?!
So, no one died, huh?
Where am I?
Finally...
It finally listened to me.
Anri! Is that you, Anri?!
She came after me and tried to slash me before.
I had her transferred so she wouldn't become a problem.
I guess she hasn't given—
Anri, let's get out of here!
Sonohara, I helped you out, didn't I?
Yeah, with the Harima thing!
Who do you think put you and Harima in the same class?
I've already paid you back for that.
P-Paid me back...?
You mean with what you just did?
I thought that the black biker was the Slasher.
So I figured he'd attack you...
I got lost in that thought...I wanted to help you...
Eh?
It's not because I like you.
I just wanted to pay off my debt to you at all costs.
What're you talking about?
Why was the black biker chasing you?
What in the world did you do?
Oh...
He's...from back then...
What are you...
Anri!
What are you doing with that?
Y-You too? Are you like that, too?!
Will you also...
No, I'm different from Niekawa...
Because...I loathe you.
We've got a prepubescent, flat-chested girl now!
Come to think of it, what new pocket editions did Dengeki release this month?
You can't use this car for evil, huh?
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, that's right.
Have they started making new chapters of "Kino's Journey?"
Maybe they'll release a "Shizu's Journey!"
That Samoyed Mask would...
Even though you knew how it'd turn out if you asked Yumasaki to take care of it...psh.
Oh, Togusa, your face is red.
Maybe you have a fever?
I'll never forgive you!
Are you sure you're okay, Sonohara?
Yeah.
It's nothing serious.
I was surprised when I heard the news from Masaomi.
Are you really okay?
And, where exactly is Masaomi...?
He went home earlier.
He said he had something to take care of.
Honestly, what could he have to do at a time like this?
There's really nothing wrong with me.
Have you talked with the police yet?
I heard a lot of other people besides you got hurt—
It's fine.
No, it's not!
I have a feeling...that nothing else will happen.
Why?
Oh, sorry.
Actually, I was attacked by the Slasher a few hours before I got hurt.
At the time, a lot of people helped me out...
And one of them was really cool...
One of them was cool?
What the hell is this development?
Yes, a sunglasses-wearing bartender and...
Eh, that couldn't be Shizuo, could it?!
And there was another extremely cool person...
Please don't be surprised when I tell you.
Umm...
It was the headless rider!
Err, uh, umm...
Wait a second!
We talked a little bit, but he was very proactive, and I could tell he has a love of others...
You don't believe me, do you?
I wouldn't say "don't believe..."
"He" is a girl!
And when I was attacked again, it was the headless rider who saved me!
So, I think I'll be okay now.
But, he's...
I can't say it.
I mean, if I do...
Well, but, they're in a completely different world from us normal people...
So you probably shouldn't get too involved...
Ryugamine, what do you think real abnormality is in this world of ours?
Huh?
It's having nothing happen. It's when nothing happens over and over, day in and day out.
It's having nothing change.
That's the real...
I'll have a doctor I know take a look at her.
Don't worry.
Celty, umm...I...
Don't apologize!
You only did what you thought was right, didn't you?
Actually, I think you did the right thing, too.
Well, I do think that knocking my head off was going a bit too far, but I'll have to take that up with Saika.
This doesn't mean I sympathize with you, though.
I just don't think I could beat you if we fought.
If you're still not satisfied, use that power you obtained to help others.
She had obtained a power;
a power that enabled her to manipulate over 100 Saikas at will.
That power weighed heavily on her.
However, that's partly what she wished for.
For someone like her who was always floating on the breeze,
the pressure of holding people's fate in her hands finally made her feel firmly grounded in reality.
I may not be...
Then, she heard a voice.
It said, "I may not be able to love you, but I don't hate you."
Or she may have just felt that she heard it.
Even when she called out to it, it didn't respond.
However, that was fine with her.
She became just a little bit happier.
She had finally returned to a normal life.
Yet, she couldn't tell them the truth;
the truth about Saika, or about who pulls the strings.
Now that she'd come to control every Saika, she was able to search through Niekawa Haruna's memory, and thus found out about him.
She didn't know his target...
...but, if it happened to be either Mikado or Masaomi...if he was trying to destroy their peaceful lives...
Bathed in anxiety and resolve, she remembered his name.
And that name is...
Orihara Izaya certainly is an odd name.
It may be a coincidence that I was raised this way, but I think it suits me perfectly.
How much do you believe in coincidence, Namie?
What are you talking about?
They probably think all these happenings are mere coincidences...
...even though I'm the one who lead Nasujima there during that timespan.
Except, he was a complete idiot.
He could've found out Sonohara Anri's address by just taking a look at the class list.
Well, there are lots of things that exist if you look for them with the idea that you'll find them.
Like ethereal swords or faeries...
Yeah, what actually was an accident was when he took my money and ran.
You idiot!
How much do you think you borrowed?!
When are you actually going to pay it back?!
And we want it all in cash!
Once he'd fallen into debt, Nasujima blackmailed the parents...
...of his former stalker—Niekawa Haruna—to make some cash.
He came to me by word of those loan sharks called the Awakusu Association and wanted me to look into Haruna's family...
Oh, thanks.
He took the bait hook, line, and sinker.
I'd found out that Niekawa Haruna was Saika.
I thought I'd use Haruna to scare him by cornering him and having her say something like, "You bastard, how dare you steal my money!"
However...
The real Saika—not just some copy—appeared.
Hm? "What happened to Nasujima," you ask?
G-Give me your money!
It'd be the best thing in the world for me if Shizu-chan were to die.
Well, whatever.
Everything went just as planned.
Just as you planned?
There are so many more police around.
The mass media are up in arms, too.
Something happened in Southern Ikebukuro Park as well, right?
That was just a clash of wills.
It wasn't the Slasher?
What ended up being the cause?
Even that old guy didn't seem like he knew much.
He didn't remember a thing—just like he'd been hypnotized.
It seems like the police are bracing for a gang war.
It's not just the police.
Would you like to try dying once?
Master, you have mail.
Huh?
What's this?
This...is from the Dollars' leader, isn't it?
Calm down, Mikado.
So...what are you after?
Now, this city's been broken into three factions: the Dollars, the Yellow Scarves, and the ethereal sword followers.
And the ethereal sword followers have spies in both the Dollars and the Yellow Scarves.
To be honest, I would've been fine with Niekawa Haruna leading the ethereal sword group.
But Sonohara Anri's pretty interesting.
And?
I'm fine with just causing some sparks for now.
If we leave things alone, those sparks will smolder and smoke...
Oh, I can't wait any longer!
But the Yellow Scarves were formed by some middle school brat, right?
Are they really that formidable?
The fact that he was able to gather that many people, despite being a kid...shows that they're already a threat.
Well, it's not like I don't know the Yellow Scarves' shogun...
Don't...drag me back into this.
This is definitely the Dollars' doing!
They do whatever they want!
We can't do anything without you after all, our superior!
He's not just your superior, he's the shogun!
Uh, I'm sorry!
Whatever, it's fine.
I can't call myself a shogun in this state.
I'm just a simple commoner.
Or, a simple...
A simple...high schooler.
Right, I just wanted to be a simple high schooler.
I was able to obtain some peace.
I was surrounded by good friends and was leading a modestly dangerous life...
And you've destroyed it.
I can't forgive you.
I absolutely can't forgive you for laying a hand on Anri.
We will crush the Slasher, no matter how many of them there are.
And if the Dollars are behind this, then...we'll crush the Dollars.
You dragged me back into this...
Damn it.
Damn it!
I've returned...
...even though I had no intentions of doing so...
I've come back here.
So that Saki and I...
...can settle things with that guy's past.
Next Time: Life and Death are in the Hands of Fate.OPENING STARTS
ENDING START
nani mo kamo ga kowarisou na fuan idaite asu ni obie
satte bakka mitai datte
kotae wa minai koto datte wakatte
kagirinaku hirogaru masshiro na ashita ni nani wo egaku
genjitsu ga someyuku makkura na ashita ni nani wo egaku
I'm worried everything's going to break, and fear the coming tomorrow
They say I look like an idiot
I understand that the answer's something that can't be seen
Draw something on the endlessly vast white tomorrow
Reality is a picture drawn on a black-stained tomorrow
