OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
The Chinese Federation.
The union boasting the world's largest population.
However, in reality, it is a nation already past its prime.
The symbol of the state, the Tian Zi.
Corrupt officials who manipulate her from the shadows are able to take control,
causing the people to suffer from poverty and stagnation, thus robbing them of their vitality.
The Order of the Black Knights, which escaped from Japan, is headed towards the Chinese Federation.
The current authorities, the Chief Eunuchs, lent the artificial Horaijima,
an island used for generating tidal power off the coast of Jiang Su in the Yellow Sea, to the Japanese.
Even though negotiations have finished,
the political consequences have yet to be unveiled.
I'm surprised the Chinese Federation acknowledged us.
There's the case concerning Sawasaki as well...
Aren't they pro-Japanese?
The Chief Eunuchs?
Hey Asahina, did you know?
Those Eunuchs are men, but they don't have this!
Tamaki, that sort of joke will just cause trouble.
Oh, come on...
Hey. Help me unload the KnightMares.
They're here already?
India 
No, I think they're being sincere for once.
They've been trying to gain independence from the Chinese Federation themselves, after all.
Lakshata said something like that, too.
Well it 
I've finished picking up the management candidates.
Should I send them to the Ikaruga for now?
Do that.
We also need someone for internal affairs...
I'm aware.
Let's organize that along with the section for information management.
Until next time.
Can we trust Diethard?
Like that time with Sayoko, he might act alone...
On the contrary, he's become easier to read.
He's trying to turn the symbol that is Zero into a god.
I can predict his actions from that.
And besides, his outstanding skills as an information manipulator are a rare find.
Okay, I've got the gist of it.
Now for the combat carrier...
You've transferred Gawain's system to the Ikaruga, right?
I used it for the Shinkirou too.
Since it was completely ruined after we pulled it out of the sea.
What about the other machine that sunk with it?
That Knight Giga Fortress, or whatever it was called?
I looked all over for it...
Are you really planning on overthrowing the Chinese Federation's capital?
Through a method that won't make me an aggressor, yes.
If I can overthrow Luo Yang, the conditions for taking down Britannia will almost be fully cleared.
Looks like everything turned out fine.
I was really worried about what would've happened back then...
What's up?
Tell me, Lelouch.
Why did you come back?
Kallen, when this is all over, would you like to return to Ashford Academy with me?
I...
Tabasco.
Hey! Since when...?
So, what about the tabasco?
There's only red chili oil here.
What should I do?
What...
...should we do?
Zero-sama, please come to the Ikaruga.
Bad news!
What!? A marriage of convenience?
Yes.
An invitation to the ceremony has arrived through the Sumeragi Combine,
and the bride is the symbol of the Chinese Federation, the Tian Zi.
I'm being invited as her friend...
And the groom is the Britannian First Prince.
Odysseus, or something like that.
The plan we've prepared won't be ready in time.
Don't tell me the Chief Eunuchs...
No, this was most likely devised by Britannia.
Then, we'll be...
This is the worst-case scenario.
I was planning to secure the Tian Zi before something like this happened...
How could that dim-witted man accomplish this so quickly...?
What are you so worried about?
We've got nothing to do with Britannia, right?
You know, since we've been exiled.
Umm... It's not like our crimes were pardoned.
And it's a marriage of convenience...
There's the possibility that the Chinese Federation will attack us...
Then, what are you saying?
The Order of the Black Knights would be used as a dowry?
Oh, nicely put.
Aren't you just full of useless talents?
Is this really the time to act carefree?!
We're in a huge pinch!
Well, that's why...
...we're discussing that right now.
Zero, behind all this...
Yes... There's one more person...
...who turned around their sour relations with the Chinese Federation instantaneously...
A person who played such a demonic hand...
They're selling the Tian Zi out...  to Britannia?
Did the Tian Zi agree to this?
That's what they're saying, so all we can do is take their word for it.
Besides, this is one of the paths towards peace.
Let's just enjoy ourselves as invited guests.
Suzaku! I found it!
This is it, right? That blackened newt you were talking about.
How do you eat it?
I'm pretty sure this is a decoration.
A decoration? But didn't you just eat a bird like this?
A bird... The phoenix?!
Is that what it's called?
I thought it was meat, so I added some carrots...
Is this made of potatoes?
I can eat it, right?
Lady Alstreim, you shouldn't be sending e-mails at the reception banquet...
No, this is a memory.
Oh, it's a diary?
Then it's a record.
Umm... Am I still your fiancée, Lloyd?
Huh? I haven't called that off, have I?
How unexpected.
I thought you wouldn't be coming for the celebration, but only for the ceremony tomorrow.
Suzaku got mad at me, telling me to behave like a proper fiancé for once.
So, this is my partner.
Nice to meet you. I'm Milly Ashford.
Nice to meet you.
I'm surprised Lloyd is showing interest in another human being.
Well, it's about time I grew up too.
This is Earl Canon Maldini.
His Highness Schneizel's right-hand man.
In the office and at home.
Just kidding.
His Highness Schneizel likes quirky people.
Including me.
The Prime Minister of the Holy Britannian Empire,
Schneizel, the Second Prince, has arrived!
Don't tell me... Nina?!
Oh? Looks like my little brother couldn't get his hands on a proper partner.
Who is that girl?
Isn't she the chief of the Institute of Research?
Oh, from His Highness' research team.
She's quite young.
She doesn't even know her place.
Be steady.
Euphy was always dignified, you know.
Right.
It has been a while.
In accordance with His Majesty the Emperor's orders, we've come here to place ourselves under your command, Your Highness Schneizel.
Three members of the Rounds. That's reassuring.
However...
Is there something?
This is a place of celebration. You don't have to be so formal.
Understood.
Suzaku, is everyone from the Academy doing well?
Yeah. Look.
Hi.
Milly!
The Chief Eunuchs have already made a secret pact with Schneizel.
The marriage and a cession of land.
In exchange, the Chief Eunuchs will gain Britannian nobility.
Nobility?
They're selling the country in exchange for status?
What about the people?
The Chief Eunuchs need to be eliminated!
That's right!
We have to stop this marriage, even if it means rushing our plans!
But if we pull a coup d'état here, it will lead to war with Britannia.
Should we settle for peace, or should we...?
But Tian Zi...
This man showed unnecessary mercy to a prisoner.
But when I'm sick, I am given medicine.
Well, the Tian Zi and a prisoner aren't...
The banquet is about to begin.
Do as the Tian Zi says!
But according to law, this man should be executed...
That's absurd!
That's just absurd!
He did something good...
Ah, well...
Officer school?
Yes.
It's a life that you gave me.
If I can do just a little bit to protect you...
I want to go too.
To the outside.
Outside?
I hear there are oceans, schools, hot foods and friends outside the Zhu Jin Cheng.
Understood.
One day, I will take you outside.
Really?
As payment for saving my life...
This is how they make promises on the outside.
A pledge of...
...everlasting harmony.
Should I protect the Tian Zi...
...or succumb to an alliance for the sake of peace?
Well, I'm really glad.
I'm not good at handling disputes.
Your Highness. Is His Majesty the Emperor not coming to the wedding?
He said he'll show up for the banquet in the motherland.
The representative of the Sumeragi Combine...
Lady Sumeragi Kaguya has arrived!
Kaguya?
What?!
Zero! How bold...
The Guren's pilot is here too.
Who invited them?
To a place like this...
Those terrorists...
Well, well...
Schneizel... You're the one pulling the strings after all?!
You only need a few more credits, right?
Yeah, and then after that...
But that's good, it seems like you're working hard as well.
I'm somewhat relieved.
Relieved?
Yeah. If you have any problems, you can come to me for advice.
Stop it.
I do like you, you know.
But I hate shallow women.
Lady Euphemia never ran away.
She placed her life on the line to save me.
She was the only one who saved me.
Even I...
If all you can do is talk, then stop!
All you ever do is play around, and if you're in trouble you use the Ashford name as a shield!
Your engagement to Dr. Lloyd is the same, isn't it!?
You always look down on me, pretending to take care of me, you hypocrite!
I'm different now!
Acknowledge me already!
Kaguya!
The tribute appeared all by themselves.
This is truly fortunate.
Kaguya has to go to Britannia too?
Forget about her already.
She is bound for execution.
That's absurd!
This isn't Britannia!
The Order of the Black Knights murdered Gao Hai.
Please leave the governing to us.
That's how we've always done it.
 But, for my friend to...
 Can't you stop this bickering?
Today is a day of celebration.
But...
Miss Sumeragi, can I expect Zero's company at the wedding ceremony tomorrow?
There isn't much I can do about that.
If His Excellency the Britannian Prime Minister says so...
Stand down!
Schneizel... You exposed yourself before me.
Well-guarded, as expected.
Kururugi-san.
Do you remember?
Me, your cousin?
Of course I do.
We're all that remains of the Six Kyoto Families now, huh?
The Kirihara's supported terrorism.
There was nothing I could do about their execution.
Have you forgotten?
Zero-sama saved you once in the past.
Are you planning on executing your savior too?
That and this are...
That's too bad.
If only words could kill.
Your Highness Schneizel.
How about a game of chess?
If I win, I want you to hand over Lord Kururugi.
I will give him to Lady Kaguya.
My! That would be the most wonderful present!
Look forward to it while you wait.
If only Suzaku disappeared, I could use Geass on everyone here.
A turnaround checkmate.
Then, if I win, let's have you take off that mask, shall we?
Very well.
This should be some enjoyable entertainment.
Just as we get some entertainment... It doesn't have to be in a separate room, does it?
His opponent is a terrorist.
If anything happened...
You're being overcautious.
My husband will win.
I know how you feel,
but I can't even imagine my little brother, Schneizel, losing.
So this is the Order of the Black Knights' ace, Guren's pilot.
The one from before, right?
She looks a lot better than in the pictures we received.
She's definitely my type.
He's skilled... His Highness is being pushed back.
I didn't think you'd be able to counter that.
He's tough... As expected of my brother.
The only man I could never win against.
But... That was 8 years ago...
The King?
The King himself must move in order for his subjects to follow.
How insightful.
Then, I will as well...
With this... Which side is winning?
They're even.
A neverending battle of willpower and rivalry!
How's this? Can't advance any further, can you?
As it stands, this will turn into a threefold repetition.
This isn't what I wanted, but should we call it a draw?
No...
You shouldn't take the White King lightly.
He couldn't...!
Checkmate.
If Zero advances his pieces now...
Schneizel's...
...King will be taken!
He's messing around too much...
Is he trying to lose on purpose?
What is this?
Are you telling me to take the victory?
Accepting this invitation would mean giving in to him!
I won't forgive him...
I'd never accept such humiliation...
If this had been His Majesty the Emperor, he would've taken it without hesitation.
I feel that I've gained some insight as to what kind of person you are.
Schneizel...!
You always looked down on me-
Zero! Vengeance for Lady Euphemia!
Stop it, Nina!
Why are you getting in my way?!
Weren't you Lady Euphemia's Knight?!
That's right. Why am I..?
You're an Eleven after all!
Nina...
Kallen...
You, too... Even though half your blood is Britannian...
No. I'm Japanese.
Japanese? Don't you mean Eleven?
Acting like a friend even though you're an Eleven!
Give Lady Euphemia back to me!
I needed her! My goddess...
Nina...
Zero... murdered her...
This is yet another tragedy caused by Zero...
Nina...
I'm sorry for everything. But...
Kallen... You haven't changed.
You cared about us during the Black Rebellion too.
Yet I...
I... will not turn back!
I'm sorry about that, Zero.
Let's end the entertainment here.
Also, I'd like to confirm your attendance tomorrow.
Next time it won't be settled simply with chess.
Please don't worry.
Right. After our wedding ceremony tomorrow, I'll be leaving the Zhu Jin Cheng.
To Britannia, as a hostage...
To think this is how I'll be meeting the outside world...
To think my first time would be my last...
I won't be able to come back again, will I...
I... I...!
I ask you!
By the Voice of the Heavens, the Cry of the Earth, and the hearts of the people,
how is this marriage the will of the Chinese Federation?!
Terrorists?!
Isn't this a coup d'etat?!
Have you lost your mind, Xingke?!
Silence, Zhao Hao!
Representing all of our people, I object to this wedding!
Seize them!
It's strange...
Even while hoping to save our starving people, I think of the Tian Zi.
Even now, I am...!
Cut the broadcast!
Things have gone terribly wron-
Wait, what about the President?!
Kaguya-sama, let's get out of here.
What...?
Suzaku!
I know!
Don't! If you hit a Britannian, all hell will break loose!
Seize them!
Infidel! Trying to take the Tian Zi for yourself!
That's right... I don't know if my actions are in accord with the Tian Zi's will.
She might not even remember what happened 6 years ago.
Even so, I made a pledge of everlasting harmony in exchange for saving my life.
I swore in my heart...
...that I would take the Tian Zi into the outside world!
Xingke!
Xingke!
Xingke!
Xingke!
She... remembered...
My heart does not falter!
Xingke!
I give you my thanks, Xingke.
Because of you, it became even easier for me to take action.
Even he...
Zero, what is the meaning of this?
Don't move!
That's low...
Zero... Even though I warned you so many times...
I believe the Order of the Black Knights has been indebted to us since Area 11...
That's why I'm crashing this wedding.
Just like you wanted...
However, I'll be taking the bride.
Xingke!
Tian Zi!
You scum!
Oh, is that right?
Yes. If Zero's true objective...
...is this place, it would be troublesome.
Right. So that is why you've arranged for me to take action?
That's right.
Thank you very much.
Once the modifications are complete, neither C.C. nor Lelouch will be any match for me.
Jeremiah Gottwald, fulfilling your expectations...
...with all of my might.
Even if they try to move now, it's too late.
The Tian Zi, the symbol of the Chinese Federation, has fallen into my hands.
Xingke, the High Eunuchs, even Schneizel...
Let them all stand in awe at my schemes.
I'm through positioning my pieces.
This is no game of chess.
I'll checkmate the Chinese Federation in one move.
And once I have, I'm coming for him!
I'll have the power to approach the emperor of Britannia!
For that end, I will...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
You woke up too soon.
C.C.!
What are you doing here?
It didn't look like you were helping Charles.
A-Anya? You...
It's Marianne now.
Lelouch and Nunnally's mother.
Yeah.
I'm about to explain the circumstances to Kaguya-sama and Commander-in-Chief Xingke.
I don't know if they'll understand, but I know that we have to...
I know.
We can't let Zero live, right?
I have to find out, Lelouch.
Otherwise I won't be able to move forward.
Now then, we have plenty of time.
Answer me, who murdered my mother?
Why didn't you protect her?
It's funny.
You expect the truth from people, yet you've come all this way based on lies.
You're right. I've been lying all this time.
Not just my name and history.
I concealed everything, including my real intentions.
But isn't that the natural thing to do?
Adjusting what we say depending on the person.
Adapting to the situation.
If we didn't, countries, ethnicities and communities wouldn't exist.
Everybody lies according to circumstances.
Everyone shows a different face in front of their families, their friends and their society.
But is that really wrong?
What is a "true" face?
Even you wear the mask of the Emperor.
We can't move forward without personas anymore.
Not correct.
When people realize that lies are futile in the grand scheme of things, then personas will vanish.
If we just come to understand each other, conflicts will cease.
A metaphysical armchair theory. 
It'll soon become reality. 
That is my Ragnarok Connection.
It'll cast off the mask of deception from the world, and bring the truth to light. 
The World of C?
In Laymen's terms, it's the collective unconscious.
A medium that collects souls and memories.
A sea of reincarnation.
A great will.
Some call it God.
Like when I met you at Narita?
That was a clash between consciousnesses. 
But I don't know what you saw.
How irresponsible.
You like being peeped on?
People are a mask donned by the collective unconscious.
Souls and memories are open windows in the sea.
Peoples' souls are...
It can't work in this condition.
I'm leaving it to you, C.C.
Are you really going?
Of course I am.
Charles is waiting for us.
It would've been easy if you had just handed your Code over to him.
Geez...
I'm going in first.
What are you doing?!
Kururugi Suzaku.
We're similar, you and I.
Similar?
How we both long for death, yet are unable to die.
His Highness Schneizel and the Order of the Black Knights?
You better be alive, Lelouch.
Because there's still something I have to ask you.
N-No way...
You've grown, Lelouch.
M-Mother?
So you've come, Marianne.
Is this an illusion too?! Why are you-
It's the real me.
Well, it's only in this system that I can take on my original form.
She's real?
Lelouch, I'll answer your question now.
For the past half century, my brother and I were in hell.
All of our kin were rivals struggling for the throne.
Days of betrayal through lies, where assassinations were part of our everyday life.
Everyone was dying.
My mother became a victim as well.
My brother and I were saddened by this world we had come to hate, and thus we swore.
That we would create a world without lies.
C.C. and I agreed to this pledge.
But V.V...
What is this urgent business you spoke of?
I made sure there's no one else here.
I had Cornelia leave as well.
Sorry for bringing you here without Charles.
If it's about the Sword of Akasha...
No, it's about Charles.
Charles changed when he met you.
He seems to be enjoying coming to understand you.
At this rate, our contract will end up undone.
I'll be the only one left.
Ever since the time of legends, it's always been the woman who misleads the man.
Lady Marianne!
I told you to leave-
It's done.
Yes, begin the coverup.
Let's make Nunnally a witness.
We have to make it look like terrorists did it.
Anya Alstreim... The girl who came here a week ago to learn how to conduct herself.
My Geass was to transfer into people's souls.
A power I first made use of as my body embraced death.
I hid within Anya, and pretended not to see V.V.
And then I found out that when I let my consciousness surface, I could converse with C.C. through our hearts.
When C.C. found out the truth, she left the Followers in the hands of V.V., and concealed herself from us. 
I spoke with my brother.
But...
I heard.
I'm very sorry about Marianne.
My brother lied.
Even though we swore to create a world without lies.
Don't be ridiculous!
You're pushing everything onto the death of V.V.?!
Even though you sent Nunnally and I as hostages to Japan...!
It was necessary!
How was it necessary?!
For a parent to push their children away...
You have to push away what you really treasure.
Milly, we'd like to get some footage with the crater in the background once the sun has risen.
All right.
Sorry.
We're getting backup from Niigata and Nagoya by lunch, so try to keep up until then.
No, I'm all right.
We're continuing to suppress the rebel army with the help of the Order of the Black Knights, but...
Was there something else?
Your Highness Schneizel, how far does your knowledge extend? 
How scary... What might you be talking about?
I used Lelouch.
I knew everything, yet I prioritized just keeping him alive to accomplish my own goal of dying.
Are you regretting it?
Of course not.
I'm a witch with eternal life.
I've thrown every human aspect of myself away.
You and I aren't alike at all.
C.C., send me to the other world.
Even if you say it's madness, I can't just stand around.
That's right.
I sent you to Japan so you'd be out of sight from my brother.
I also had the body of Marianne secretly transferred.
As long as my body remains, there's a possibility for me to return to it.
In order to protect everyone, I had to rewrite the memories of Anya and Nunnally who witnessed everything.
Nunnally?
So the reason she became unable to see wasn't because of a mental illness...
Not only did she witness the setup, but we feared for her life as well.
I needed proof that Nunnally would not be able to get closer to the truth in order to save her.
In our original plans, we only needed one immortality Code.
But as our research progressed, we found out that another Code, in other words, C.C., was necessary for a 100% guarantee.
When Marianne's attempts at convincing C.C. failed, we had no choice but to use you...
Then, for what have I been... 
Once the Ragnarok Connection is established, such tragedies will no longer occur.
All masks will disappear.
Everyone will be accepted just as they are.
I see... Even the war between Britannia and the Order of the Black Knights was just to lure C.C. out...
In other words, I've been nothing but noise in this world from the start, and I've been an obstacle...
What do you guys think?
You realized that I was going to appear?
And that you're back to your usual self.
It's required for this plan, isn't it?
Exactly.
And as such, it was pointless of you to follow me here, Kururugi.
I suppose so.
I heard you're already immortal.
There's something I want to make sure of.
This, which you're trying to create...
Yes, it's the kind world that both Euphy and Nunnally wished for.
So it is that after all...
C.C.
Now that we're all gathered, the plan can commence.
Afterwards, I'll grant you your wish.
What is this?!
This place is...
Throughout the entire world?
Yes.
Bismarck.
His Majesty the Emperor's plan must have been set in motion.
If His Majesty's wish is granted, I believe Your Highness should govern the resulting world.
But please understand that the meaning of ruling will change.
It's starting.
The Sword of Akasha will slay God.
Now, once we've united our seals, a new world will begin.
Lelouch, for what purpose did you try to conquer the world?
Don't ask stupid questions.
For Nunnally's-
Are you going to use Nunnally as an excuse?
You're right.
I've fought for all the things I've wanted to protect.
If you want results, you have to do something. 
And that method leads to denying something.
Then...
Yes, I...
I don't acknowledge you or your ways of thinking.
Why do people lie?
It's not just to create conflict.
It's because they have a purpose.
Change doesn't happen in an exposed world.
That's not called living.
Turning a world full of memories into an equal, completed and closed world.
That's not what I want.
Lelouch, does that mean you're denying me as well?
Is your wish the same as the Emperor's?
All who were separated becoming one again is a good thing.
We'll become one with those who died too, you know?
Euphemia as well.
That's what I thought.
You two believe that's a good thing.
But you're just pushing kindness onto people.
It's no different from evil intentions.
Either way, a time will come when everyone understands.
That time will never come!
There's one thing I'm certain of.
You may have thought you did me and Nunnally good.
However...
You abandoned us!
But we did that to protect-
Why didn't you stop the war between Japan and Britannia?
You put your plan first, and no longer cared whether we lived or died.
You abandoned us.
Leaving only an excuse to satisfy yourselves!
You're wrong.
Think about what you just said! 
You said we'd become one with the dead!
You're not looking to the future!
The future lies beyond the Ragnarok Connection.
The kind world Nunnally spoke of.
No!
What you're talking about is a world that's kind only to you!
But I'm sure what Nunnally wanted was a world where people would be kinder towards each other.
He might be right.
At least Euphy never said Lelouch was Zero.
Nor did Shirley.
Thus, I'll...
Even if that's true, what can you do? 
The Ragnarok Connection has already begun.
I don't know about that.
I'm Zero.
The man who creates miracles.
Geass won't work against me.
Nor against anyone else here.
No, there's someone else here. 
That's right.
The World of C is the will of mankind.
And people aren't equal.
Those are your own words.
You're aware that I've received this power precisely because we aren't equal.
You fool, Lelouch!
You can't win against God with the Power of Kings.
It's not about winning or losing.
This is a wish!
Yes... Just now, I came to know myself.
God!
Collective unconscious!
Please don't stop the tracks of time!
Lelouch, you're such a...
Nobody wanted this, including Euphy!
We saved you so that you could talk to Euphy!
You're forcing this on people!
There's no way you could...
Not against God... not against mankind itself!
Even so...
I want a future!
No way...!
The Thought Elevator...
Marianne and I's...
My brother's dreams are crumbling...
Let's just stop, Charles.
We were too impudent...
C.C., as long as we have our seals...
This isn't a lie...
This is the real answer.
Darling...
Impossible!
I'm supposed to be immortal, yet I'm being absorbed by the World of C...!
But what about C.C.?
Why isn't she disappearing?
I thought she supported our plan...
I'm sorry.
I realized...
that you only love yourselves...
No.
Lelouch and Nunnally too...
Do you know the meaning of Nunnally's smile?
Smile?
Why don't you get it?!
Nunnally could neither see nor walk.
Thus she knew there were things in this world she couldn't do on her own.
Nunnally...
Nunnally's smile was her only way of showing gratitude! 
Tricks like that won't work on- 
I won't let you call it fake!
I'll never let you say it!
You never looked at reality, you just observed it so blissfully from above...
Who do you think you're fooling?!
There is only one truth.
The two of you, our own parents, abandoned Nunnally and I!
You clever fool!
Suzaku!
Don't interfere.
If you stop me, then Schneizel's world awaits you!
Ultimately, good will and ill will are just two sides of the same card.
Even so, you're...!
I still refuse your world.
Begone!
Impossible...
So it is true?
Yes.
His Majesty is... His Majesty is...!
C.C., are you going too?
You want me to die smiling, don't you?
What are you two planning on doing now?
You rejected Charles' plan, and chose reality...
You chose to advance the tracks of time.
But...
Yes.
Lelouch is Euphy's enemy.
So?
It's been one month since the warhead FLEIJA struck.
Today, we have an important announcement from His Majesty Emperor Charles.
We'll be broadcasting live, internationally from the Imperial Palace in Pendragon.
His Majesty the Emperor hasn't appeared in public this past month...
Didn't they say the Emperor went missing?
Bismarck is the one who reported it, and he isn't here himself...
More importantaly, where's Schneizel and the rest?
Who knows?
We haven't heard anything from Cambodia...
His Majesty the Emperor has arrived!
Where's His Majesty?
Wh-Why?
It couldn't be...
Th-That's...
No way...
Why?!
I am the 99th Emperor of Britannia, Lelouch vi Britannia.
How could this...?
Lelouch...
What, really?
He's still alive?
That's right, sister.
I've returned from the depths of hell.
Thank god, Lelouch.
When we found Nunnally, I thought maybe, just maybe...
But aren't you taking that joke a bit too far?
That's where your father-
I killed the 98th Emperor of Britannia, Charles zi Britannia.
Thus, I will become the next Emperor.
What are you talking about?!
That's absurd!
Take care of that fool!
He's the scum who murdered His Majesty the Emperor!
Suzaku... Why?!
Let me introduce my Knight, Kururugi Suzaku.
Since he's a Rounds who surpasses the Rounds, I give him the title of Knight of Zero.
He... and Suzaku?!
You can't do this, Lelouch, Lord Kururgi.
Playing a prank like this on international television...
Is that so?
Then let me put it simply for you.
Acknowledge me!
Like I said, you have to stop this joke-
Yes, Your Majesty!
All Hail Lelouch! 
Thank you, Lelouch.
There are no problems left, now that you've come out in the open.
But why Kururugi too...?
Well, he has risen in status through betrayal before.
It doesn't matter.
Let's give Lelouch everything.
Even the country of Britannia.
The problem lies beyond that.
Will Lelouch's Geass grasp the world, or...?
There's nothing that is unforgivable. You just don't want to forgive.
That was something Shirley once told Suzaku.
That was the starting point in the conversation I had with Suzaku.
And, facing reality, we began this.
There's nothing Suzaku and I can't accomplish together.
How ironic.
I, who continually denied Britannia...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
This is 2D4.
Approaching Tōkyō Settlement airspace.
Roger. Your purpose for flight is public advertisement, correct?
There has been no change.
Flight duration estimated to 14 hours, as announced.
Confirmed. Access to upper airspace granted.
Thank you for your cooperation.
We're the only ones left of the Order of the Black Knights, who set fear into Britannia with Zero.
But it's too early for despair.
If we succeed with the Flying Swallow No. 4 operation... 
Yes...
I'm sorry, everyone...
Long live Japan!
Long live Japan!
Lelouch.
You again?
You just don't give up.
You're not getting away this time.
Hey! You're that guy from...
Sorry! Another time.
Wait, Lelouch!
Vice President, do your best!
Right, right...
You lost when this turned into a matter of physical strength.
You're exaggerating.  I'll just take more physical education.
Then come to class like you should.
I already have enough credits.
It's just colored gas!
Wait!
Do your best, Vice President!
Thanks!
And you're supposed to be the Student Council President?
Oh, sorry. I wasn't thinking.
Lelouch!
Are you trying to kill me, Teacher?
Rivalz. When did you...?
Rivalz, I'm borrowing this!
Lelou, not again...
Seriously, I wish she'd at least let me do whatever I want after school.
But you're always skipping classes...
Because it bores me.
From the President.
Hey!
It's because you...
Right. Sorry.
It's been almost a year since Zero caused the Black Rebellion.
Area 11 has calmed down a lot since then.
There were a lot of rumors circulating at the start of the incident,
and my brother and I were thinking about returning to the Britannian mainland.
Did you hand in your goals for the future?
Ms. Villetta was pretty mad.
Oh...
Are you applying to a university?
I still haven't decided.
I'm tired of being a student.
But I'm also tired of being used...
That's just like you.
But it's pointless, I guess...
Even if I go out into the world, it's controlled by large corporations and aristocrats sitting firmly in their positions.
A world already set in place.
I'd just be inserted into the hierarchy of the adults.
This is not discrimination against Elevens.
It's a differentiation!
The Elevens were tricked by Zero, and tried to take back the name "Japanese".
They're a militant, dangerous race! 
Therefore, we, Britannia, must provide controlled education!
The Elevens lost.
They weren't strong enough.
If they had just stayed put, they would've been spared from correctional training.
Zero. What a fool.
It doesn't matter what you do, the world will still...
Please hurry, General-Governor Carares.
The people from the Chinese Union...
I know.
What about the Technical Information Bureau's operation?
Yes. It's at Babel Tower.
On a day like this...
What is His Majesty the Emperor planning?
I don't think the remnants of the Order of the Black Knights can do anything now...
And besides, Zero is already dead.
Don't slack, you Eleven monkeys!
Y-Yes!
The subject has arrived, as expected.
He's entering the Fifth Gate from B3.
Will she appear this time?
She better.
We're taking this risk by going to the outer parts of the settlement.
Well, all right.
Just giving me a ride would've been enough, though.
It's illegal today, too.
You won't get away with just protective custody.
The police wouldn't...
But why? It's not like you want money, right?
Of course not. I just want to face stronger opponents.
What a blatant lie... This is just a way to kill time.
In other words, I'm...
Now, today's fight between two brothers.
Will the older brother prevail, or the younger?
It's an exciting 10-round match...
Brother, let's go home. This is...
It's fine, right?  It's easy to tell apart.
Look. Laughing and having fun are for us Britannians.
Working and getting laughed at are for the Elevens.
It won't change even if you pretend to not see it.
Even so...
I know. But it's the truth.
The Elevens lost twice.
With Prime Minister Kururugi and with Zero.
Trying to revolt without having the strength to...
I'm sorry!
No, don't worry about it.
I'm an Eleven. You're a Britannian student.
That's even more the reason.
I hate showing off my status.
But those without power have to endure it.
Even if the others are wrong.
I wish you wouldn't try to push your sense of values onto me.
I'm very sorry.
Show me your face.
This is good merchandise.
It's all for the big bunny hunt today.
I'm not for sale.
Yes you are.
Losers have no rights.
An irregularity.
There's trouble.
Regret having been born without power.
It's as His Majesty the Emperor says, right?
The Emperor...
The survival of the fittest.
It's the rule of the world.
Brother, he's mafia.
You're rather arrogant.
So you think you're one of the predators?
Mr. Student, this is the world of adults.
Then let's see if the world of adults or a student is a predator with this.
With chess?
Brother! Don't!
Too late. Right?
Students really don't know anything.
That's not true.
Mr. Black King.
You're a well-known player in these parts, aren't you?
So you were aware?
If only Zero was here, you wouldn't...!
Don't talk of that traitor.
Zero never betrayed us!
Be quiet!
All right! I'm sorry!
I'm sure he had his reasons...
Reasons? For the commander to disappear during the final battle...
Stop it.
Either way, Zero died.
Died?
Checkmate.
I-Impossible!
The student won.
The Black King lost...
He easily outplayed the King.
Looks like you're the one who was eaten.
Now this is a problem.
I'll lose face if this rumor spreads.
I'm not the type to gossip.
Not that, Mr. Student.  I'm talking about your cheating.
Cheating?
You're such a bad boy.
Wait!
Cheating at chess...
...is impossible.
Restrain him.
Now, let's create some evidence.
You dirty old man!
Being right means nothing.
Let my brother go-
Terrorists?!
Launching.
Come! This way.
H-Hey!
Brother!
An airship, huh... Guess it's her last futile struggle.
Commencing Secret Information Bureau operation Valhalla No. 7.
Yes, My Lord!
What?
What's going on?
What?!
Welcome to Area 11.
What an extravagant reception.
I heard that Zero died.
Zero? No, no.
I believe it's a bit early for the Chinese Union to understand Britannia.
You're unexpectedly frank.
Please hand over your weapons.
The security is flawless.
You won't be needing such antiques...
Xingke, you're being rude.
My apologies.
I believe it's a bit early for you to understand the Chinese Union.
You...
Huh?
Brother, this way!
Hey!
Ah! Wait!
What? You lost sight of the target?
Okay. We'll join in too.
Got it.
The terrorists attacking Babel Tower possess several KnightMares.
The surrounding area has been cleared in accordance with the operation.
All right. Commencing Seventh Sequence.
Captain, Governor-General Carares said...
Ignore the local officials.
We're on orders from His Majesty the Emperor.
Yes, My Lord.
Elevens should use the stairs! It's already past the weight limit.
Terrorists... Why are the remnants of the Order of the Black Knights here?
It's the Britannian army!
Damn Britannia!
Sorry! I couldn't hold onto him.
Don't worry about it.
Urabe and the others are looking for him now.
Got it.
Rollo, this way!
What is the meaning of this?
That KnightMare just now... Was it trying to...?
Brother, what should we do...?
Calm down. We'll be able to get out of here.
I'll make it happen.
Y-You're right.
We're...
Rollo!
Lelou pulled Rollo into his mischief too!
Why don't you just say what you mean? You're worried about Lelou.
That's not it!
There you go again...
Geez...
R-Rollo...
Rollo!
I can't get through...
What should I do?
At this rate, we'll...
No, I'll save him.
I should be able to save my only brother.
I should have that kind of power...
I should!
The terrorists did this...
But they've killed the Elevens too...
Trying to depend on Zero again...
The Order of the Black Knights!
Are they going to kill me?
What should I do?
Even if I run away...
Lelouch.
I've come to pick you up, Lelouch.
I'm your ally.
Your enemy is Britannia.
We made a contract, remember?
We're accomplices.
Contract?
Accomplices?
I'm the only one who knows the true you.
The true me...
L-Lelouch...
H-Hey!
The Britannian army.
Hey, wait.
What are you-
Stop it! They're still alive!
Thank you for playing your role, Lelouch Lamperouge.
Role?
What are you talking about?!
We've been observing you for quite a while now.
Waking up at 6:59.
Eating breakfast while watching the news with his brother at 7:12.
He does not pay any special attention to the contents.
Going to school at 8:45.
He skips homeroom and the first hour of class to read on the rooftop.
For the second hour of class, Physics, he...
That's me... Today...
A diary of raising a bait.
Bait?
You could call it a trap.
To bring that witch, C.C., out.
Wait! What are you saying?!
I'm a Baron. I don't feel like talking anymore with bait.
All right, time for disposal.
Now there won't be any witnesses.
Disposal?
Is this the end for me?
This easily, without understanding anything...?
Don't mess with me!
Power... If only I had power...!
The power to get out of here...!
The power to fight the world...!
What is this?
Do you want power?
You're the voice from just now...
You already have that power.
It's just sealed away deep within you.
Remember who you really are...
The Power of the King!
Now's the time for the seal to be released!
I see... The restlessness that has been pricking me like a thorn every day...
Yes. They were all fake memories.
I remember!
I am...
I am...!
I am...
Zero!
Lelouch, I won't ask for forgiveness.
We're friends, right?
Yes... Is that your answer? Suzaku!
I'd like you to answer a question before you dispose of me.
The woman's still alive!
No way! We shot her through the heart.
If being powerless is evil, is having power justice?
Is revenge evil?
Can friendship coexist with justice?
There's neither evil nor justice.
All that remains for the bait is death.
I see.
Then the same shall remain for you.
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you.
All of you...
Die!
What? Don't tell me...
Yes, Your Highness!
Ever since that day, something felt wrong in my heart.
My fake life felt out of place.
My time was shifted.
Like a human pet that had someone else's memory implanted.
But the truth continued to seek me...
Exactly! It wasn't I who was at fault!
It was the world!
The world will change.
I can change it.
We've been waiting, Zero.
Please give us your orders.
Very well.
For I am Zero!
The man who will destroy and recreate the world!
Yes, Your Majesty.
I'm not planning on giving him to someone else.
I will be the one to kill Zero.
I will not forgive.
I cannot forgive.
My memories are my own reality!
My own personal truth!
There is someone who trampled them, made me into his livestock.
Who looked down on me as mere bait for his trap!
The time for compensation has come.
I'll remind Britannia what the meaning of Zero's return to this world is.
That we no longer need a fake government.OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
A huge explosion has been confirmed at the Tōkyō Settlement.
We believe it's FLEIJA, which we received reports about.
Should we really stay here at Kamine Island?
It's all right.
Leave everything to Schneizel.
Civilian casualties from the first stage are believed to exceed 10 million.
Casualties from the second stage are estimated at 25 million.
Because the medical facilities have also vanished, we have no means of assisting the citizens.
The Tōkyō Settlement... is dead.
No way... This can't be...
Everyone... Everyone...!
Did I... do that?
The Academy is all right...
But this is no longer a battle.
If this weapon were to be used again, the Order of the Black Knights would perish.
Tōdō... It's me.
Zero, we should...
Have all units descend to the Tōkyō Settlement.
We're searching for Nunnally.
W-Wait! We lost Asahina! And many others were lost too...
I don't give a crap!
Search for Nunnally!
It's our top priority!
Have all units search for Nunnally!
Zero's...
The one who escaped is on the left landing strip, correct?
Please wait! We have to reorganize our troops!
I know!
I'll be right back.
Ōgi!
Chigusa...
That's as far as you go, escapee.
Cornelia...
I thought it was Villetta who escaped...
It's been a while.
You disloyal reporter.
Is capturing Her Highness the Princess Zero's doing...?
I wish he'd trust me a little more.
Aim for her legs!
Capture her alive!
Understood.
This is a Britannian diplomatic envoy.
I repeat, this is a Britannian diplomatic envoy.
We have no hostile intentions.
A diplomatic envoy?
Minase, was this ship announced through a proper channel?
Brother!
No way!
He personally stepped straight into the jaws of his enemy?
Tōdō.
Can't you tell that I'm ordering you to search for Nunnally?!
Take command of the search squad!
Kallen, can you hear me?!
Rolo! Jeremiah!
I'm sure Nunnally is alive! Find her!
Find Nunnally right now!
To all units.
Retreat to Makuhari. We're reorganizing our front.
All units, retreat immediately!
Tōdō, I'm telling you to search for Nunna-
As long as you're all right...
...there will be another chance.
What is the meaning of this? A temporary ceasefire?
What is Britannia up to?
Why is Bismark withdrawing his soldiers?!
We're still investigating the reason,
but it appears they no longer intend to fight.
There's a temporary ceasefire at the Tōkyō Settlement too.
Did Zero order this?
Master!
Brother, get a hold of yourself.
Where's Nunnally?
I'm here for you, brother.
We've come this far with just the two of us, haven't we?
Jeremiah?
I want to give him some peace and quiet right now.
You can talk to him later-
I see.
I don't think that's necessary.
He has me after all.
Why do you have this?!
I was planning on giving this to Nunnally...!
To Nunnally...!
You could never take Nunnally's place! You fake bastard!
You still haven't realized...?
I don't like you.
I hate you!
I tried to kill you several times! I just haven't succeeded yet!
Bro... ther...
Get out!
Don't ever appear before me again.
GET OUT!
In the end, I had no idea...
I had no idea about the damage it would cause...
Nina, you have to make a choice.
Either you abandon science and save your soul,
or destroy your soul and sacrifice yourself for science.
That's...
Did you make a choice too, Professor Lloyd?
I've been broken since the start.
Even I'm aware of that.
FLEIJA, which I created...
I killed them.
Everyone...
Everyone...!
It's no good.
Zero isn't picking up.
We don't have much of a choice.
We'll have to negotiate with Schneizel without Zero.
But Zero is our leader, isn't he?
Should you really be proceeding without him?
A massacre.
Zero gave the order to kill everyone, including women and children.
Diethard, why didn't you capture Schneizel right away?
He only had one KnightMare as an escort, didn't he?
As revenge for Asahina-
That unit is equipped with the warhead FLEIJA.
FLEIJA?
The warhead which caused that huge explosion.
If they had fired it, neither we nor Zero would've gotten away unscathed.
I don't know what Schneizel's intentions are, but I suppose we'll just have to talk to him.
I'll pass.
I want to check the Guren.
So, the ones negotiating will be me, Chiba, Diethard and...
Shit.
I can't find Ōgi anywhere.
Where did he run off to?
Kallen!
I'm so happy that you're okay!
I'm sorry I made you worry.
Hey, where's Zero?
He's in his room.
They say he was wounded, though.
Lady Nunnally, please be alive.
Be alive-
This is everything I observed at the cult.
Thank you, Cornelia.
With this, I can...
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Sorry about that.
We got held up tending to the soldiers that you injured.
Tamaki, like we just said, please let me- 
I'm the Domestic Support Officer of the Order of the Black Knights.
Plus, I'm the substitute for Secretary-General Ōgi Kaname, right?
You came up with that yourself...
No, I definitely want him to be here.
Tamaki Shinichirō.
I hear you're one of Zero's oldest allies, and a brave war veteran.
Now we're talking.
T-Tamaki...
You saved me once in the past, didn't you?
I just wanted to thank you for that.
But... Our relation is quite peculiar.
Perhaps our fate was to end up as enemies.
I'll have to excuse myself.
I have to find Lady Nunnally.
Nunnally is no longer...
Survivors, please register yourselves one by one on the list.
State not only your ID number, but your name, age, address and blood type as well.
Those in need of treatment, please head to the medical reception.
We want to avoid disorder as far as possible...
Rivalz!
President, you're alive...
Yes, I am!
I'm alive!
I'm so glad...
I am too...
I never did settle that game with Zero the other day.
Zero won't be coming.
Not until we've determined the meaning of what you have to say.
I figured as much.
There's no way he'd come forth.
He's not the type to take advice from others.
He deals with everything himself, and keeps his distance from others.
You sound like you know Zero very well.
More than you do.
Zero is the younger brother of Cornelia and I.
What did you say?!
The former 11th Prince of the Holy Britannian Empire, Lelouch vi Britannia.
He's the man whom I loved and feared the most.
Ridiculous.
Zero, a Britannian Prince?!
Diethard, didn't you realize it?
It seems you got information from Jeremiah and Villetta.
This is pointless.
Trying to confuse us with nonsense...
We don't acknowledge Zero based on his lineage, but on the miracles he has created.
But what if those miracles were all fake?
Fake?
Zero possesses a special power, Geass.
It's a power that forces orders onto people.
You could think of it as a powerful form of hypnosis.
You're saying this power is the source of those miracles?
Don't try to criticize our Zero!
He's awesome and has courage you couldn't even imagine!
You talk about princes and Geass, but do you have any proof, huh?!
I do have proof.
Ōgi...
Even Villetta...
It's as he says.
Zero's true identity is that of the former Britannian prince, Lelouch.
He uses a power called Geass to control people... He's a phony!
Zero has been deceiving us from the very start.
Using us as pawns... this whole time.
What are you talking about, Ōgi?
But if that's true...
Even so, you can't deny Zero's achievements so far.
And if he has this Geass, isn't that promising for us?
It's a powerful weapon to counter Britannia with.
If he only used this power on the enemy, that is.
What?!
Don't tell me he's been using it on us too?
That's right.
He controlled his own sister, Euphemia,
and made her massacre the Elevens gathered at the Special Zone.
Moron! 
Zero is an ally of justice!
He wouldn't-
I have proof.
Lelouch, did you use Geass on Euphy?
Yes.
To massacre the Japanese?
I gave the order.
So that massacre was...
Zero did it.
Not my younger sister.
Zero... made her murder the Japanese?
It has to be fake!
These are the people we suspect he has used Geass on.
Kusakabe...
Even General Katase...
This... can't be.
Clovis...
He used it on me too.
Now I understand why Gaohai's attitude changed...
...and why Jeremiah and everyone else changed sides.
I can't guarantee that I'm not under the effect of Geass as well.
When I think about that, it's truly frightening.
He couldn't have...
Us too?!
And one more thing.
We informed Zero of FLEIJA in advance.
Because we wanted to avoid an unnecessary conflict.
The communication log is still in Lancelot.
However...
He never told us?
Zero can't be trusted!
Shōgo...
I wanted to believe him... to believe in him...
But to him, we're just...
...pawns, is that what you're saying?!
Damn it... Zero, you bastard... How dare you...!
Damn it!
Gentlemen, you'll surrender my brother... Zero, all right?
On one condition.
Ōgi...!
You think you're in a position where you can bargain?
Let's hear it.
Give us Japan back.
I'm betraying those who trusted me.
If we can't at least get Japan back, I'll never forgive myself!
Master, please take your clothes off.
Are you hurt somewhere?
If it's in some place you can't reach, I'll...
Right, some place I can't reach, huh...?
Zero, may I enter?
It's me.
Kallen?
Ōgi-san wants you to come to storage room 4.
Number 4?
I don't know the details...
Master.
Please take your clothes off.
I'll do my best.
What the hell have you two been doing while I was being held captive?!
Y-You're mistaken.
C.C. is, well...
She lost her memory.
Because of me...
So the C.C. you know no longer exists.
C.C. is gone?
C.C. is gone... and so is Nunnally.
Then, Lelouch...
Kallen, I'm glad you're safe.
I'm sorry your rescue took so long.
Lelouch, I spoke to Nunnally, you know.
She helped me.
I see.
Umm, this might not be the right time to say this, but I had a brother-
Prepare yourself, Zero!
How dare you fool us like that!
We know about your Geass.
The legendary hero, Zero, dies in battle not having accomplished his ambitions.
But tales of his bravery will be told throughout the ages.
Diethard, is that your script?
If it had been true, I would've wanted to record it all the way until you stood victorious over Britannia.
Unfortunately, the show is hereby cancelled.
What should I do?
The KnightMares pose a problem, but Ōgi and the others are defenseless.
If I can use Geass without them noticing...
We all trusted you!
Inoue and Yoshida died for you!
Wait!
This is too one-sided!
Didn't we get this far thanks to Zero?
Let him speak-
Out of the way, Kallen!
Do you want to die with Zero?
Don't tell me you're under the effect of Geass?!
Tell me, Lelouch:
What am I to you?
With you, I could...
Well?
I see, this must be your check...
Then I suppose there really is no way out.
Come on, tell me, please!
Fools, did you only realize this now?
That you were being used.
That you were nothing but pawns.
Zero, in the end, you're...!
Zero...!
Lelouch.
Kallen.
Among them, you were my most brilliant pawn.
Yes.
This was all just one big chessboard.
It was a game.
I see...
Goodbye, Lelouch.
Ready!
Kallen... Live on.
Fire!
Are you all right, brother?
Rolo!
It doesn't matter! Shoot the Shinkirō too!
Wait!
I'll protect my brother!
Stop it, Rolo!
It's all right!
Master...
Shinkirō vanished...?
It's the same as at Babel Tower...
Anya, Zero got away.
Can you catch him in Mordred?
If you want me to destroy it...
I had no idea the calculations for the Absolute Protection Field were this complex...
My brother really is amazing.
Rolo, I don't have a reason to live anymore...!
What's with the movement?
I won't let you kill him... Never!
You're using Geass over such a big area...
Rolo.
Your heart can't take any more!
To all units.
The Shinkirō has been stolen.
Any squads capable of fighting, destroy the Shinkirō!
I repeat, destroy the Shinkirō!
It's all right, Rolo.
I can't...
No, brother.
You see...
Sto-
I was always someone's tool.
Stop it, Rolo!
Why are you sa-
I was a tool of the cult...
...saving someone like me?! I-
And then yours...
Yeah, maybe I was just being used by you...
But the time we spent together was real!
...was just...
Because of those memories...
I was finally able to become human!
...using you-
Rolo!
That's why...
I...!
Stop it!
Don't use Geass!
Do you want to die-
I'm... not... a tool!
Th-This is... my own... will!
Rolo... Why did you save me?
I was just...
Because... you're a liar.
You... lied, right? About trying to kill me...
About... not liking me...
I see.
You saw right through me.
You really are my little brother.
That's... right.
Because I... know everything... about you.
Yeah, you're right.
Your big brother is a liar.
We can't locate the target.
Widening the search area.
Please send me the terrain data.
Nunnally...
Rolo...
Shirley...
The Order of the Black Knights...
I lost everything.
And this is the result that remains...
No, the retribution...
But that's why I thank you, Rolo.
There's still something I have to accomplish with this life that you were connected to.
Yes, I have to...
Who could've imagined... that I would have to use this system?
The Ragnarok Connection.
With this, the old world will crumble, and a new world will be formed!
My Father, Charles di Britannia.
I'll have you accompany me on my journey to hell.
That's...!
Rolo, what was our relation, really?
It's strange to think. Even knowing the truth, you still...
You of all people stuck by me to the very end.
Yeah...
I always realize these things after it's too late.
You weren't Lelouch vi Britannia's brother, but Lelouch Lamperouge's.OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
The Knights of Rounds have become members of the Student Council.
And while I still haven't cleared that problem...
What's this?
Me and Shirley...
Yes. I kissed her.
Umm... Shouldn't I have?
The command room was in danger of being exposed,
and since it fit Lelouch's character...
No... You're mistaken.
Sayoko! I already told you, didn't I?!
You're being too kind as his double!
No, wait... Aside from that, she's doing good.
Brother... You're only saying that because she's worked for you...
More accurately, the Ashford Family hired me-
I know!
You cared for Nunnally, right?
I'll have to put off the matter of the Knights of Rounds till later, huh...?
Sir Lelouch, about tomorrow's schedule...
Tomorrow?
Sayoko made appointments with others left and right.
Because I was told to handle human relations smoothly.
That can't be helped.
And you're supposed to be a woman?
More accurately, I'm an SP.
The 37th generation of Shinozaki-
Sayoko!
Wh-What 
Assuming 3 hours of sleep, I scheduled appointments with 108 girls.
You have 14 matters waiting, and you have dates booked for the next 6 months.
Lelou, you surprise me.
Are we dating now?
But I couldn't talk to him today either...
President, could I have some time when we get back to the room?
There's something I'd like to talk to you about.
President?
Oh, sorry. I wasn't listening.
Oh, I...
I have a date with Lelouch tomorrow!
Oh? Giselle from class B said she was going with him to the museum.
Yes! And I'm going with Lelouch to the movies!
Me too!
Me too!
Me too!
Me too!
Me too!
Lelou...!
All right, I'll go through today's schedule.
Since it's a holiday, I've scheduled for all 24 hours.
At 7:00 in the morning you'll be eating a homemade lunch box.
At 9:00 you're going to the museum.
At 10:30 you're going shopping.
At 12:00 you're going to the aquarium.
From there, you'll be traveling in the Shinkirō.
Is surfacing at a point 400 kilometers away all right?
Also, your clothes have been prepared for you in the cockpit.
After arriving in the Chinese Federation, you'll settle the trade agreement in Shanghai at 15:00.
The maximum amount of time you can stay there is 47 minutes.
After you return, you're going to a late screening of a movie at 21:00.
At 00:02 you're meeting someone in front of a nightclub.
After that...
He's late!
Sorry, Shirley.
I'll take time to explain this properly to you later.
Then explain this first.
L-Lady Anya.
There's something I want to ask.
Don't tell me Sayoko got me involved with a Rounds too?
Is this you, Lelouch?
This is from when I was a prince in the Britannian motherland!
N-No, it's not me.
I'm just a commoner-
Lelouch!
What?!
Take me to a chess match!
One of those where you bet money, in the underworld.
When I told him about chess gambling, he said he really wanted to go.
Rivalz, you...
Oh, give me a break!
Ah, he ran away!
Don't tell them about anything embarrassing!
The tickets for the late screening are in my room!
If I'm late for the appointment, the next date will...
Damn Sayoko, giving my brother such a harsh schedule even though he has no stamina...
And it's nothing but dates!
His reputation will be ruined!
Who's that? You didn't have to knock me down...
Shirley...
Who might you be meeting now, I wonder?
No, that's...
Not only do you gamble, you're now a playboy too...
You're pitiful!
Wait! That's...
Oh, right. This is an apology for not talking to you like I should ha-
An apology?
You're trying to resolve this with this 
You misunderstand!
I just wanted to apologize...!
Apologize?!
Not good.
I must've miscalculated somewhere, what should I do...?
If only C.C. were here now...!
Look!
I've decided!
My graduation event.
I call it... Cupid's Day!
Graduating at this time?
See, I retook a year, so now that I've taken my missing credits, I'm graduating.
Oh, is that how the system works here?
President, are you really graduating?
You should just stay with us.
Hey, Milly.
So informal?!
So, what's that Cupid's Day about?
Got you curious?
For this day, all students will be wearing this hat.
Guys get this color.
So, if you steal someone's hat and wear it...
And wear it...?
On order of the Student Council President, those two will be forced to become lovers!
Hmm, this isn't very peaceful.
To declare war on the Chinese Federation...
Did His Majesty the Emperor say so?
Yes. Rob them of everything, he says.
I agree!
Let's destroy the Chinese Federation!
We can't forgive them for shaming Odysseus.
Guinevere, if you mean the Tianzi, I really don't mind.
The war with the EU is progressing, and the path to peace in Area 11 is also proceding well, so we should peacefully-
Seriously! Who cares about Nunnally?
Carine, you're almost the same age as Nunnally, so try to get along with her.
If only Cornelia were well, this could've been dealt with promptly...
Bismarck, have you heard anything?
No. There hasn't been any word from Lord Guilford either.
Then who will lead the army...?
Arrange two divisions along the border of the Mongolian province.
His Highness Schneizel is taking command?
A battle won't be necessary.
The current Chinese Federation is in disarray.
We can conquer half the territory with just a show of force and negotiations.
That should be good enough, no?
Oh, did Schneizel say that?
Yes.
Is this all right?
Is that something the Empire's strongest Knight, the Knight of One, need ask?
War is nothing more than one form of negotiation.
However, it's the most inefficient one.
You're right.
Only fools wage wars.
Now I know what Geass is.
I'll bring it to light and clear Euphy's name.
Princess, where are you...?
Hey, Suzaku. It's Milly's graduation event, you know.
Well, I do want to go.
But I can't.
Unlike you and Anya, I'm the Governor-General's assistant.
This meeting takes priority.
Really, you're taking this too seriously.
Say hello to my fiancee for me.
Oh? Was that serious?
Why don't you give her a call later?
These days may not continue forever.
How unexpected.
I didn't think you'd say something like that.
Your position in society may have changed, but you were originally Euphy's Knight.
I meant it as advice from a senior, as I am Lady Cornelia's Knight.
How mature.
Well then, let's get to the point already.
About that Guren I'm keeping...
You've finally come.
Torture?
Or maybe execution?
Do whatever you want.
I won't do that.
Long time no see, Kallen.
At this rate it'll be impossible to destroy and recreate the world.
Cupid's Day...
I'll deal with these girls all at once at the event today.
And my brother will become free again.
Yes. Fortunately, teachers can participate in the event too.
I'll have Villetta steal my hat.
Won't that be asking for strange misunderstandings?
Sayoko should take responsibility for thi-
I'm very sorry.
I'll be acting as Lelouch's double in the middle of the event.
It's necessary so he doesn't get caught by any weird woman.
Then Shirley should be fine!
That is indeed one of our options, but...
She's fallen deeply in love with you.
She even shot me to protect you. 
That's why I don't want to get her involved any more.
Yeah, you're right, Suzaku.
We completed the rooftop garden, and the moratorium has to end some day.
I'm sorry.
It's a special event, but I...
I understand.
You have important work, right?
Ah, yes.
Then to end it, I'll cast a specially-crafted spell on you!
Relax!
Sometimes it's important to loosen up a bit too.
Thank you, President.
See you.
Okay, let's get started.
Everyone, today's the finale from the Student Council President, Milly Ashford!
My graduation event, Cupid's Day, will begin in a moment!
Ah, please stay at least two meters away from your target.
Lelou, no matter how much of a failure you are...
No, because you are a failure, I have to set you straight.
President, you really never liked your engagement, right?
You want me to steal your hat, right?
You know the rules, right?
By simply stealing someone's hat and wearing it, you two will be forced to become lovers!
I won't question your methods of stealing the hat.
Teaming up and using tools is also okay.
And, before we start, a few words from me.
The person who brings me the hat of Lelouch Lamperouge from class 3-D will have their club's funds increased tenfold!
What?!
Lelou's?!
P-President...!
Gather our members!
Bring out the horses!
Pranks all the way until the end!
And now... Start!
Lelou...!
It really is tough to freeze this many people...
Oh, I'm sorry...
Start moving.
He's mine!
Lelou... disappeared?!
Sorry about this, Rolo.
No, I'm all right.
W-Wait...
If that assumption is correct, we've taken part in the greatest crime in history...
Let's escape.
Jeremiah's adjustments are complete.
But that would mean abandoning our country-
Don't move!
You're Bartley?
That voice...
Your Highness, Princess Cornelia!
Why are you here?
Th-Thank God. Please help us.
His Majesty the Emperor summoned us here, but...
My father?
At this rate, the world will end...
Keep following me!
Sir Gino!
I see.
Gino probably did come to this school just to have fun.
Anya seems to be doubting my history, but if it remains at this level, things should be fine.
The Knights of Rounds matter is cleared.
Now I just have to switch with Sayoko and have her put up with the President's games.
Yay! Now Lelouch and I are lovers!
Oh, Miya.
What is it, my honey?
Could you return that hat, please?
Sure.
Where are we changing?
Here's fine.
Understood.
Huh? What was I doing?
Huh? Lelouch is gone?
Yes. According to the Gardening Club's report...
This is the Rugby Club!
Located Lelouch at point KT-01!
All right!
To all club members of Ashford Academy!
Form a net with the men's dorm and the garden as the center!
Sir, yes Sir!
Now the club funds will go to our Rugby Club!
Try!
Farewell!
Sayoko, stop that weird yelling.
They'll get suspicious about my personality.
I'm sorry.
It just... 
And don't go to the back gate.
Villetta is waiting there.
Understood.
Lelouch's movements are strange...?
Lady Milly, I would like to get caught for you, but now's not...
The Archery Club and Equestrian Club, go around from the hall side!
Take a detour around the school and move to the second gym.
The enemy forces, the Chemistry Club, are probably waiting in front.
Fire!
No way...
Lelouch isn't supposed to be like this...!
Looks like my backup won't be needed.
She's overdoing it, but since it's in her blood, I guess there's no point in trying to order her.
Guess I have no choice but to leave gym classes to her from tomorrow on...
Seduction Squad! Forward!
Lelouch is a man after all.
I'm sure we'll be able to catch him off guard.
A woman's body is pointless!
What a shock.
Where's Lelouch?
Where'd he go?
No good, we haven't caught him yet!
To all students!
Attack all-out once you spot the Vice-President, Lelouch!
Capture him no matter what!
The President has gone into full play mode...
But what's going on?
Just when I thought he had become a failure, he's now an athlete...
Ah, it's Shirley!
Leave it until we've caught Lelouch!
President!
If it is your wish, I, Rivalz Cardemonde, offer you my best friend... Lelouch...
Th-That's not possible!
It is.
The Mordred sortied?
Is it the Order of the Black Knights?
An urgent message from the government office.
Defcon 2, defcon 2.
A disturbance has occurred at the school area.
Knight Police Special Protection Squad, prepare for launch.
I was careless.
Even Anya lacks common sense...
Proceed to the final phase of the plan.
Sayoko, head to the library.
Over there?
I'm sure I saw Lelou over here...
Shirley, this timing...
There are... two heat sources?
Which one is Lelouch?
Watch out!
Two Lelouches?
My Lady the Knight of Six,
this is the Information Department's area of operation.
Please make a swift retreat with your KnightMare.
Can't?
No, you can't.
Can't...
Hey, Lelou...
Why did you kiss me?
Th-That's...
because I love you.
You're lying.
You're not being serious.
No!
No, I... Umm...
Why did I do it...?
Want to do what comes after a kiss too?
It's okay.
Even if it was a fake kiss, I...
D-Don't do that!
You're back to being yourself.
You haven't been yourself lately.
It's okay, I forgive you.
In return, close your eyes.
Hurry up.
S-Sure.
You thought I was going to kiss you, didn't you?
Umm... It was a possibility.
Lelou, you pervert.
No, I...
But one day I'll make you love me for real.
I told you, right? Love is power!
Well well, you people haven't done your homework.
This is a school for commoners, you know?
Stuff like this happens all the time.
What?
It ended in the most natural way.
I guess the game is over.
But weren't you just a little serious?
Yeah.
Just a little... 'kay?
What was all the commotion about?
I'm sorry.
Seems it was the Student Council President's graduation event.
It's strange for him to change his plans...
Plans?
Ah, no, I meant Shirley's plan to win. 
Lelouch! Looks like you're finally getting it.
You did it for this...?
You two are just too slow.
If you're not careful, your student days will be over.
President, you're really graduating...?
Yep.
President.
What is it?
Thank you for everything.
These three years have been a lot of fun.
You were the best president!
Thank you.
President!
Congratulations on graduating.
With this, the moratorium and everything else is over!
Yes! Nice to meet you. I'm Milly Ashford.
From today onwards, I'm hosting the Weather Corner!
And now, starting with the news of the approaching typhoon. 
She went from Student Council President to Weather Lady...
What about job qualifications?
She got them while she was a student. She said her office had already been decided, too.
But she's an aristocrat...
She didn't want to just half-heartedly settle down.
But she didn't have to cancel her engagement...
Professor Lloyd must be in shock.
That's just like my ex-fiancee.
Lloyd is really cheerful.
Isn't he putting on a show?
Nah, he never had any interest in getting married from the start.
Watch me, Nina.
I'll face it my own way.
Yeah, I saw it. That's just like the President.
So, what should we do with the rooftop garden?
I see.
Then I'll just buy herb seedlings.
Lelou will be talking to the Gardening Club...
Okay, see you!
This is the 8th place?
Yes.
But are the people who are under the effect of Geass really deployed as SPs?
I don't know that for sure. That's why we're doing all of this.
You obtained a Geass Canceller, which destroys any Geass.
That's why...
Roger.
I don't know who's under the effect of Geass,
but if we can just eliminate Ashford Academy, Lelouch will...
I remember...
Zero, the man who killed my father, is...
Lelouch...
I have to make Japan independent.
At the same time, I have to create a plan for the date with Shirley.
There are 18 patterns of hypothetical ways this can play out.
I've even set up a chance for C.C. and Kaguya to send me an emergency message.
I may even get a chance to work out rescue preparations for Kallen.
But I have no idea what Shirley will like.
What should I do?
Should I ask someone?
I feel like I'm about to make the wrong choices again...
I'm sure I am.OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
The Britannian youth, Lelouch, once swore
that he would avenge his mother, who was murdered 8 years ago,
and that he would create a world where his sister, Nunnally, could live happily.
For that purpose, he gained a power from the mysterious girl, C.C.
The power of absolute obedience. The ability to give anyone an order. Geass.
Using his Geass, Lelouch takes action to destroy the Holy Britannian Empire, which his father governs.
However, at the end of that road, what will he end up gaining and losing?
Only one fate is certain.
Those who acquire Geass, the Power of Kings, are lured onto the path of loneliness.
It's been a long time, Lelouch...
...my son.
Answer my question from 8 years ago!
Why didn't you protect my mother?!
You knew the other Royal Families shunned her!
People are not equal.
What?!
You possess Geass, a power other people do not have.
Why don't you ask me, using that power?
He's provoking me...
Trying to make me use my Geass.
But looking him in the eye means he'll be looking at me too.
He has the same type of Geass as I do, which you can only use when you look someone in the eye.
The moment I look at him, his Geass... his memory-manipulating Geass will come flying.
What should I do...?
Why are you hesitating? You think you can call yourself a child of mine like that?
A Britannian prince?
This isn't the time to pick some trivial order.
That's right.
These are Zero's orders.
The entire facility will be searched.
Follow Zero's orders and gather all the dead bodies in the designated area.
We need to check if they're Britannian experimental soldiers or not.
What a massacre...
Bartley... I should hate you for modifying my body like this,
but my allegiance towards your family was true.
Thus, I will decide... to respect you!
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you.
You... will die!
Very well...
I won?
I won...
Nunnally... Mother...
I... I...
I don't know about Lelouch!
How many times do I have to tell you?!
Can you say that while swearing on Shirley's dead body?
You will tell me everything.
With this Refrain...
Stop... Stop it!
I said stop!
There's no need to be afraid.
Your own will shall soon be gone, and you will answer my questions.
Brother...
You will obey my orders.
I-I... won't become like him!
How many years has it been since we met in person, V.V.?
In the end, I wasn't able to escape my fate.
I'll... take on that fate.
The fate of immortality.
This is...
V.V., you...
So, Charles...
This is a contract, okay?
Yes.
In this world full of lies...
We will not lie.
Because... I'm your older brother...
I ended up killing him.
This easily...
There were things I wanted to ask him.
People I wanted him to apologize to.
Yet I...
Oh, like who?
How impudent, Lelouch!
He's alive...
No way, his heart was definitely...
Schemes, plots, surprise attacks...
Trying to take me down with such cowardly tricks...
Play by the book.
If you want to inherit the Power of Kings, that is.
Die!
That's your way of playing by the book?
Geass doesn't work anymore...
Don't you get it, Lelouch?
Whether it be swords or guns, nothing will work against me any longer!
Charles, why did you take away V.V.'s Code?
Why did you kill the brother you loved so much?
V.V., you liked Marianne, didn't you?
He's become immortal?
I can't win... There's no way I can win!
I've gained a new power in exchange for Geass.
Therefore, Lelouch...
I can show you this world's true form.
What is this?!
Chigusa...
That was my name when I lost my memories.
My real name is...
Villetta.
But to me...
I'm a Britannian Baroness.
I have to rid myself of my Eleven stain no matter what so that I can continue living in this world.
I guess so...
I wanted to die in Japan anyway.
You came here knowing that you'd be killed?
I want to choose when I die for myself, at least.
You have the option of killing me too.
Why would a terrorist save a Britannian soldier in the first place?!
At first, I was planning on pumping you for information about Zero.
I tricked you and kept you under observation...
But... When I lived with you...
I'm your enemy!
But I love you!
Are you an idiot?!
I'm your enemy... And I look like a fool...
But I've fallen in love with you!
I wish I'd never met you!
You're from the Intelligence Division...
What is Geass?
What are you plotting?
What a strange thing.
A child drenched in lies expects the truth from others?
What?
What did you gain from your lie, your mask of Zero?
I'll tell you what I gained!
I acquired an army that a normal student could never hope to attain!
Subordinates!
Territory!
You lost Euphemia.
You hide your true self from Suzaku and Nunnally.
Shut up!
Everybody lies to get by.
I just did the same!
Why do you lie?
What you really want is for them to understand your true self.
Yet while wishing that, you don't expose yourself.
You wear a mask.
Are you afraid of letting your true self be known?
You're wrong!
There is no need for lies.
Because you are me, and I am you...
That's right... There is only one person in this world.
In the history of mankind, there is only one person, both in the past and in the future...
One person? What are you talking about?
Charles.
The time for fun and games is over.
C.C.?
There's also no need to provoke 
I'm already here.
That's right, C.C.
I will be the one to grant you your wish.
You know what she wants?
Lelouch, now's the time to reveal the conditions of the contract... my wish.
My wish is to die.
For my existence to end forever.
To end?
But you're...
At the end of Geass, the user takes over the position of the person who granted them their Geass.
In other words, they gain the power to kill the giver.
To kill... C.C.?
Among my many contractors, nobody has ever made it that far.
But here is Charles, someone who has attained it.
That's ridiculous... You formed a contract with me so you could die?
That's right.
You've been living just to die?
That's where the fate of the world lies.
Life is called life because it's limited.
No! It's called life because you're alive!
That's the same.
People are aware that they're alive because there is death.
You're just twisting my words!
But people die.
But still, the reason we were born into this world... Our meaning...
Oh, you know that's just an illusion.
Living for the sake of dying is far too tragic!
An undying accumulation isn't called life.
It just becomes experience.
If you have a reason to live, kill me.
If you do that, you'll gain the power to fight equally with Charles.
Goodbye, Lelouch.
You're too kind.
Wait, you're...!
Charles, why did you take away V.V.'s Code?
Is there a point in asking?
You're going to die anyway.
Oh, you're right.
Then we'll proceed with the redevelopment of the Saitama Ghetto according to this schedule.
Please wait.
Your hand.
What is it?
Are there any disadvantages for the Elevens with this plan?
Of course not.
This is the best option for them.
That's... a lie, isn't it?
Please revise the plan once more.
So that there are no disadvantages for the Elevens.
Lady Nunnally.
Please entrust business matters to us specialists.
Ms. Rohmeier.
I-I'm the Governor-General.
I guess I have no choice but to confront Lelouch directly.
Suzaku, don't you have government work?
Is Lelouch inside?
What happened to Shirley seems to have hit him really hard.
He hasn't come home or to school...
Where is Lelouch Lamperouge right now?
There are no irregularities.
I'm asking where he is!
What about Captain Villetta?
The stand-in brother, Rolo?
Like I said, there's nothing irregular to report...
Everything's normal.
I see... All Information Department personnel have been...
Sorry about that.
I was speaking with Nunnally...
Oh, we haven't started yet.
What was that about?
That thing.
Lloyd's Camelot and Suzaku's...
No, I meant the Toromo Institution.
That depends on today's results, I guess.
Yes.
Schneizel contacted me from the motherland.
He said it should be possible to promote Area 11 to a Satellite Area.
He said the stability of public order and increased production rates have been acknowledged.
That's good news.
So Lelouch is Zero after all.
But what will happen to Nunnally if I report this to His Majesty the Emperor?
If Lelouch regains his memories, I will use Nunnally.
Suzaku.
Are you hiding something from me?
Of course not.
You're the only one I won't lie to, Nunnally.
Then can you tell me who was on the other end of the phone that time?
Wasn't it my brother?
Suzaku... You're the same as my brother, aren't you?
Zero isn't here?
Correct.
We received a call informing us that he had located the target, but then he and the Shinkirō just...
My brother isn't here?
Where am I?
H-Hey!
It's pointless.
This is my memory.
You can't interfere.
C.C... No, it's not...?
Who are you?
I'm Lelouch.
I'm your...
Do you have a reason to live?
I-I don't know...
But I don't want to die!
Then let's form a contract.
I'll grant you the power to live on.
In exchange, would you grant me just one wish some day?
It couldn't be...
Yes.
I formed a contract with her.
Stop it!
Please stop, you two!
I'm begging you!
This is unfortunate. I was hoping we would have a good relationship.
Stop it!
Ōgi!
The Geass that manifested within me was to be loved.
Love?
At the bottom of my heart, I...
I wanted to be loved by someone.
My wish was granted.
Thanks to Geass, I was loved by everyone.
But I was loved too much, and because of that I became unable to tell apart true love.
She was the only one I could trust.
Because she, who Geass had no effect on, was the only one who scolded me for playing around.
Yet...
Yes, yes.
I gave up all the gifts like you told me to.
But I can't help it, you know?
It's Geass' fault.
I'm thankful, but to tell you the truth, it's actually annoying to me too.
I'm fed up with all the presents and proposals,
and some have even started calling me Mistress...
Then let's put an end to it.
Someone has to take my place for my eternity to end.
Someone who possesses a Geass above the norm...
Oh, how painful this has been... This hell of just continuing to live.
Umm, what are you talking about?
Too bad!
You've been fooled!
To her, my existence was just a tool for her to put an end to her life.
That's all I was.
You aren't here yet.
You aren't a person of the past to me, but of the present.
Well, I wonder about that.
You must be a very important person.
That's impossible.
Really?
I think the reason she sent you here was to protect you from something, if even only for a while.
All the people who hated me and those who were kind to me have disappeared into the flow of time.
Into the endless flow of time...
But those painful days...
Yes, they will end with this.
And my long journey, too...
C.C.!
You've opened the Thought Elevator, Lelouch?
I see.
This system itself is manipulated by thoughts.
This will be over soon.
Lelouch, you watch from over there.
Stop it!
She's my... my...!
Answer me, C.C.!
Why didn't you try to die and force me to take over?!
It should've been possible for you to push the hell of eternal life onto me!
Did you feel pity for me?!
C.C.!
Don't die with that look on your face!
At least smile until the end!
I'll make you smile.
So, please...!
What is the meaning of this, C.C.?
I won't stand having more taken from me.
What kind of foolishness is this?!
I know, C.C.!
Of your Geass!
Of your true wish!
Hey, look this way!
You did it...
Who would've thought it would be this powerful...
Congratulations, Chief.
No, it's the accomplishment of the entire staff of Innborg.
You should be proud of this, Nina.
You're a genius.
It's an honor, Your Highness Schneizel.
From this point on, mankind will... War will change.
With this, Damocles will be...
Hey, we're back, C.C.
Get a hold of yourself.
I've contacted Rolo.
Using him, as soon as possible, we'll...
Umm... Who might you be?
What are you talking about?
More importantly, the Emperor and that system...
Are you my new master?
I can cook a little, clean, draw water, tend to cows and sheep, and sew.
I can read a little.
I can do numbers until 20.
Oh, I've been disposing of dead bodies too...
Kallen has been captured, Shirley has died, and now I've lost C.C. as well!
Even so, this is no time for me to drown in sentimentality!
I have a plan to rescue Nunnally.
The problem is timing when to strike.
Even if we move to rescue her now,
there are too many uncertain elements waiting in the aftermath.
To make certain it works, I'll need a United Federation of Nations.
And for that, keeping the emperor in that parallel space will be an absolute condition to clear.
However...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
Is President Milly safe?
How would I know?! It's the Chinese Federation...
She apologized, saying she wouldn't be able to buy souvenirs.
What's she talking about...?
I'm so glad...
Do you think you could inform everybody over the school intercom?
Thank you, Lelou...
Hmm? You're welcome.
Brother, come here...
To all students, I have an urgent announcement!
President Milly, who is in the Chinese Federation, has been confirmed to be safe and sound!
It seems she was able to escape from the scene of the coup d'état with the Knight of Seven, Sir Kururugi Suzaku.
I repeat...
Brother, aren't you getting a bit carried away?
Did it appear that way?
I'm terribly sorry.
You're being too kind to others.
But I was told to handle human relations smoothly...
It 
To follow one's orders is only natural.
However, overstepping your boundaries as a double would mean trouble.
Please understand that.
I'm aware.
I'm a woman who works for Zero and Sir Lelouch, after all.
Sayoko, danger is closing in on Zero. 
I was informed that they were at a stalemate in the Chinese Federation...
His Highness Schneizel entered the battle.
Britannia, in the Chinese Federation?
Yes. Apparently the Knights of Rounds have sortied as well.
What are we going to do?! We don't even have any reinforcements!
Calm down! We have the Tianzi on our side.
Our opponents can't make any stupid moves.
This is...
They're bombing us.
That means...!
That's right. The Chinese Federation is planning on crushing us along with the 88 Tiandi's Mausoleum.
In other words, they've abandoned the Tianzi...
Damn Chief Eunuchs...
Will even the 88 Tiandi's Mausoleum be tainted by your greed?!
All units, cease the attack!
The Tianzi is there too!
You don't get it, do you?
Xingke. That's where all the Tianzis rest.
In other words, it's a tomb.
We're burying the current Tianzi.
We've already arranged for the new Tianzi.
The 
You bastards, the Tianzi...! 
Are you the leader of the coup d'état?
Get lost, Britannia! This is our country's problem!
But from an international standpoint, 
Besides...
They say you captured the Guren.
We have a bone to pick with that KnightMare and its pilot.
Our airborne military strength is limited.
Face them as if you were up against a thousand enemies alone!
Roger!
I'm going out in an Akatsuki.
C.C.
If things turn bad, escape.
Do something before that happens.
The Second Bombing Squad is closing in!
The Ikaruga won't last at this rate! 
Tōdō Kyōshirō, coming through! 
What's this? They've gathered military strength other than the Guren.
Gino, leave him to me.
Suzaku, huh?
We may indeed be at a disadvantage.
It's not only the Lancelot, but next-generation mass-produced units as well...
The Mordred... Don't tell me they're planning to...!
The revolting army will be... exterminated.
Split up in three different directions!
Surround it and fire!
It's futile. Live ammunition won't...
Your shield won't save you from behind!
Whoops! Your partner is over here. 
If we used Mordred's Stark Hadron, we could destroy the mausoleum in one hit.
Well, if what we wanted was to destroy it, yes.
But then we'd be accused of murdering the Tianzi.
We have to let the Chief Eunuchs make the last move. 
So you're going to personally admit defeat?
But it's already too late.
You won't cease attacking no matter what? 
At this rate, the Tianzi will die too!
The Tianzi is merely a system.
We have plenty of replacements.
This one can't be used as a bargaining chip.
But you're using her as tribute to gain Britannian nobility and more?
Oh, you have sharp ears...
It was cheap collateral, indeed.
Giving up your land and giving in to undemocratic treaties is cheap collateral?
That's not our problem.
Right! 
What about the people you leave behind?!
Zero, when you walk, do you consciously try not to trample any ants?
Don't you throw away the paper you use to wipe your ass?
It's all the same.
By selling your land, throwing away your leaders and betraying your people, what do you hope to accomplish?!
This is surprising. I had no idea Zero was such an idealist.
Leaders and people will always come crawling.
Just like insects.
The second and fifth radiation barriers have ceased functioning!
Then the deck's exposed...!
Stop this already!
Tianzi!
You're rotten!
You're supposed to be aristocrats?!
You're bureaucrats who don't even know of noblesse oblige!
Stop it! Stop this battle already! 
Kaguya-sama, it's dangerous outside!
Out of my way! The Tianzi is... The Tianzi...!
Tianzi!
What?! My wing...!
All because you looked away.
This is... This is absurd! 
Now. Shoot the Tianzi.
Show no mercy.
Please last, Shenhu!
I'll... I'll give you my life!
Please escape, Tianzi.
Xingke?!
You finally made it outside, but you still haven't seen anything.
I'll hold them off! 
But if you're not with me...!
Xingke! Together with you... With you...
Your words are more than I deserve. However...
Keep firing!
You should be able to destroy the Shenhu now!
Ridiculous! For this kind of outcome...
Am I unable to save her? Unable to protect her...?
Even though I've been preparing everything for you ever since six years ago...
Someone!
Anyone is fine!
Please save her!
Fine. 
I shall grant you your wish. 
What is that KnightMare?
It protected not only the Tianzi, but Xingke too?!
I ask you, gentlemen of the Chinese Federation, as well as Britannia.
Are you still planning on waging war with me... with Zero?
Zero! He appeared on the front line by himself?
Zero...!
Why?
What are you doing?!
All units, take him down at once!
I see.
So that's your answer as the Chief Eunuchs?
Lloyd, that's...
Yeah, we may have been had.
Is that a modification of Gawain's Druid System?
I can't believe it, who could've...?
The KnightMare Frame Shinkirou. 
Its Absolute Protection Field is the greatest defensive force in the world. 
A bit of a nuisance.
What should we do, Your Highness Schneizel?
If we fire now, the Tianzi will...
I believe using the Fabian strategy would be best here.
Something's not right. 
Why do you think Zero chose to appear now?
You're pitiful, Xingke.
You were betrayed by your own countrymen, and can't even save a single woman.
But now you should understand.
That you should partner with no one else but me.
But even so, I have no intention of becoming your subordinate.
Of course not.
You're capable of leading a country.
I have no choice but to save you.
The Tianzi, you, and all the oppressed people of the Chinese Federation!
You think you can turn this war around with that KnightMare?
No.
What sways the tide of war isn't simple tactics, but well-planned strategy. 
Urgent telegram!
Riots have broken out in Shanghai.
Riots?
Bring out the governor!
Come out!
Why at Shanghai...?
It's not only Shanghai.
Shouchun, Beijing, Burma, Jakarta, Islamabad.
We're still in the process of confirming, but people are simultaneously rioting in 14 other areas.
How could they time the riots...? 
Apparently, a recording of Zero's communication with the Chief Eunuchs was broadcasted.
Communication?
They must've done it on their own without telling us...
Can you bring it up on screen?
Yes.
The Tianzi is merely a system.
We have plenty of replacements.
What about the people you leave behind?!
Zero, when you walk, do you consciously try not to trample any ants?
Leaders and people will always come crawling.
Just like insects.
Thanks to the Tianzi, the Chief Eunuchs' roles as villains really stood out.
Don't tell me he foresaw that they would betray us...?
Even so, these actions came too soon.
Suppose he used a plan that had already been set in motion?
Yes.
Your other plan.
The rising up of the people coupled with your coup d'état.
In other words...
This is 
We have plenty of reinforcements.
All the starving people of this land are our reinforcements!
From here on...
...it's our turn to...
The Order of the Black Knights will be annihilated.
It's heavily armored, as expected.
No way...!
What is this...?
Is that... how it was...?
Huh, what?
You're wide open!
Anya!
This is the Tristan!
Covering for the Mordred!
Push them back in one go!
How foolish... They brought out the ground troops.
An air strike will bring us victory.
No, we're retreating.
A country isn't made up of its territory or its constitution.
It's made up of the people.
Since the Chief Eunuchs have lost the support of the people, 
they no longer have any right to represent the Chinese Federation, or to enter our country. 
Yes, Your Highness.
The Avalon and the Knights of Rounds are retreating!
Brother, that's what I thought you'd do.
But...
...I wonder what His Majesty the Emperor would have done?
No, it's nothing.
Looks like Schneizel has abandoned you too, Chief Eunuchs.
W-Wait!
I surrender! So please...!
Caring only about yourself until the very end, huh?!
Where is Kōzuki Kallen? 
The Guren's pilot.
Right... If you mean the captive, she was transferred.
What?
The Chief Eunuchs handed her over...
...to the Knight of Seven.
To Suzaku?
I see... So that's how you're planning on robbing me of everything.
But I won't let you.
I'll definitely...
I'll definitely bring Kallen back!
Where am I?
I was sure we were at the Britannian motherland...
An order from His Majesty the Emperor, you say?
Yes.
I requested it.
It was you people who altered Lord Jeremiah.
Trying to reproduce the power of C.C.
It could only have been you, right?
The one who carried out the final adjustments on me.
This will be an honor.
Are you sure?
Well...
I've had a chance to see the world outside of the Zhu Jin Cheng...
And...
Well... This isn't a farewell, but... 
I will continue to protect you.
Forever...
This is strange...
I'm so happy...
I'm so happy, yet...
Zero, we need to announce to the world that the Tianzi's marriage was annulled.
You're right.
I think that announcing her marriage to someone Japanese at the same time would be a wise plan.
Making it easy to understand would be the proper way.
Tōdō... No, maybe even Tamaki...
If you want, I can provide a list of candidates...
That won't do!
Lady Kaguya, this is a high-level political question... 
It's a simple question of love!
It's not something you discuss in political terms!
Yeah, she's right.
We're waging war here.
Shut up, you.
You're talking to an official!
Zero, give approval.
I'm sure Zero-sama understands, right?
That's...
Zero! About that thing yesterday... Huh?
You're still in a meeting?
No, it's fine.
Zero, we're still- 
Tamaki also has something important to discuss.
Even C.C. was against it...
I could easily get Xingke to agree if I used Geass on him...
So what exactly is the problem?
Well, I'm worried about Kallen too...
But you know, because of times like these, a title...
It'd be bad if the Order of the Black Knights didn't work as a unit, right?
As a grunt, I can't even set an example for the new guys...
Tamaki.
You understand, right?! Since we're buddies and all!
Oh, Lelou?
Are you free right now?
What do you need?
Well, it's about the President's graduation event...
If we do it in the classroom, Rivalz is saying the President will hear of it... 
Wouldn't it be best if you let the President herself decide?
Really...?
Oh! Shirley, could you help me with something?
Huh? Sure...
Damn it, every time I ask him something he suddenly has something else to do!
Umm... I want to break a couple up, but how would I persuade their friends...?
Do they want to break up? Those two.
No, it's mainly for political reasons- Ah, I mean for relations...
Well... It's a family problem.
That's no good!
Why?
Love is power!
When you fall in love with someone, amazing power just flows through you!
You think about that person every day,
you write poems, and wake up early,
and knit mufflers, and jump down waterfalls screaming their name...!
I also...!
Umm... Don't you have someone like that, Lelou?
Someone that makes you do something out of the ordinary...
I see. I...
I wanted to recreate the world for Nunnally.
Feelings have the power to change the world.
Isn't that right, Shirley?
Huh? Yeah...
Thanks. I'm glad I asked you.
Really? Don't mentio-
Geez! That side of him still hasn't changed!
Tianzi!
Your future is yours to decide.
Zero...
Impressive, Zero-sama!
But we have to make the power relationship clear...
Your heart is the source of power.
Those who stood up against the Chief Eunuchs,
and we, the Order of the Black Knights, too, have been fighting with the power of our hearts!
Yes.
Yes, he's right.
The power of... our hearts?
Zero, I feel I've gained some insight as to what kind of person you are.
The path we must tread is perilous...
And that is also why the future lies with us.
Something's strange about Lelou lately.
Sometimes he's like usual, and sometimes he's strangely kind, as if he were someone els-
Huh? Lelou?
Hey. Were you looking for me?
Oh come on... I'm just here to return these books on gardening.
O-Oh, I see.
This isn't good...
If she sees that, the presence of the underground command room will be...
What is it? Are you hiding something from me?
Oh no! If she's about to see it, I have to...!
Shirley.
There's the situation with Kallen too.
I'm going back to Area 11 for now.
What about the Chinese Federation?
It's true that there are still some opposing forces remaining,
but now that the people have stood up, they're no match for Xingke and Tōdō. 
Besides, don't you want to see it?
The power of a heart.
You've grown up, boy.
Be quiet, witch.
Anyway, with this I'll finally be able to return to my original objective.
The cult, huh? 
Yeah.
The organization that produces and researches Geass users.
If I can keep the cult in check, I'll surpass the Emperor in the Geass aspect.
But the presence of the cult has been well-hidden from the world.
And besides, every time the leader changes, the location of the cult changes.
You're sure that the cult, as it is now, is somewhere within Chinese Federation territory, right?
That's what V.V., the leader who succeeded me, said.
But this country is big.
That Rolo guy doesn't know the exact location either, does he?
How do you plan to find it?
That's why I took this land.
The flow of supplies, the usage of electricity, communication logs.
There are sure to be traces of it.
Planning on using the power of the country to look for it? 
Yeah, because the Chinese Federation is a large country.
You should stay here, and contact me as you get more information on the cult.
All right.
Is this place safe?
It's owned by the Information Department.
In other words, it belongs to me and my brother.
Welcome back, brother!
I'm back, Rolo.
Sayoko, has anything changed while I was gone?
Nothing urgent.
The details are in the file, as you instructed.
Brother, you're staying here for a while, right?
Yeah.
Since I have to devise a countermeasure to the Knights of Rounds, too.
Just the Lancelot alone is a lot of trouble, but for the Tristan and Mordred to show themselves too...
I don't mind fighting in a Vincent, though.
I told you to stay away from such things, didn't I?
Shirley, did something happen?
Hey, Lelou...
About yesterday...
Yesterday?
Good morning, Lelouch.
T-The Knight of Six!
Hey, we've been waiting!
You're Lord Lamperouge, the Vice President, right?
We have...
We've.
Ah, right.
We've decided to transfer to this academy.
Also, please ignore our position in society while we're at school.
They said they wanted to experience being normal students.
I was just teaching them how to talk like us.
Nice to meet you... upperclassman.
R-Right...
Gino Weinberg, Anya Alstreim...
What are they thinking? What are they plotting?
The Knights of the Round have not only come to Ashford Academy,
but joined the student council as well?!
I thought only the O.S.I. and Suzaku knew I was bait for C.C.
I doubt this is part of Suzaku's strategy,
but the emperor of Britannia may have told them about me as well.
If they find out that I'm Zero, Nunnally will be in danger.
I have to outwit them no matter what!OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
2010 a.t.b.
Japan entered a state of war with the Holy Britannian Empireover the handling of the subterranean resource, Sakuradite.
Against my father, who advocated total resistance...
My...
My actions were too brash and childish.
But I believed the war would end with this.
I believed no more pointless blood would be spilled.
Yet...
The war didn't end.
All I wanted was for people to stop killing each other...
No!
This is different!
It was Geass... The power that bends peoples' will...
No, in the end...
I'm the same.
I had no idea...
That it would be this horrible...
Umm... Did I really... cause this many to be...
...killed. 
It was a huge success, Nina.
FLEIJA's destructive power is tremendous.
Ultimately, it should lead to a Britannian victory.
The Emperor hasn't appeared in the Tokyo Settlement ever since I came to Area 11.
In other words, his intentions lie elsewhere.
The direction should be Shikine Island...
No, probably the ruins at Kamine Island.
According to the data left behind by Master V.V. and our allies, this point is optimal.
We can synchronize all the ruins spread around the world.
The Sword of Akasha should become operational again.
Who would've thought it would come to using such an ancient device.
I see.
It's about to start. 
What's Shinkiro's current position?
We're still unable to...
We have Britannia's cooperation.
Once you locate it, mobilize all units to destroy it.
Understood!
My master is...
It's been a long time since we met in person.
It's me.
Me.
C.C., don't tell me you've...
Please forgive me!
What are you doing?
Shutting yourself in here again...
C.C.
C.C.!
Who're you?
It's me.
See?
You... You came all the way here?
Are you that worried about Lelouch, Marianne?
Oh my.
You really think I'm such an ideal mother?
Then why are you here?
I wanted to know if you're still our ally.
C.C., why did you seal away your own Code?
Charles could've fulfilled your wish of wanting to die.
Even I don't know that.
I'm a bit surprised myself.
I guess we'll have to find out in the real world.
It's decided then, 'cause I said so.
That's just like you.
What is?
You're always trying to meddle with me.
Oh, but I'm thankful to you...
...for giving me this Geass.
Even though you violated the contract...
If that's what you really think, then come with me.
Ah, wait.
At least let me get...
I'm leaving Anya on the Ikaruga.
She's needed for taking Zero into custody.
So, what are you going to do?
Will you remain with the Order of the Black Knights?
My brother and I have no plans of punishing you.
Or perhaps I should say we can't, since the situation has already progressed to the next stage.
That's... I...
This may sound strange coming from me, but rank isn't everything in this world.
We don't have a choice. Let's announce Zero's death.
Even though we still haven't located Lelouch?
You want to make it an established fact?
Say, I know Zero betrayed us, but are you planning on telling them about Geass too?
They'd just think we'd gone mad and reject us.
We can't have that.
What if the real Zero appears?
How would he prove that he's the real deal?
Ultimately, the masked hero is just a symbol.
He won't gain credibility if there's no one to acknowledge him.
I see.
That's good to hear, really.
Yeah, my cell phone finally started working again.
And I found out that everyone's okay.
Oh, right.
Your room's gone, but the clubhouse is available.
I see.
Is the Student Council room intact?
Yeah.
By the way, where's Rolo?
He's with you, right?
Y-Yeah...
Rivalz, could you pass this on to the President?
I don't think I'll be able to keep our promise of shooting off fireworks together.
What's he talking about?
Sorry, Rivalz.
Kallen, I'm leaving C.C. in your hands.
I'll defeat him, even if it means losing myself in the process.
I'm going into a gamble to defeat him, who's both immortal and immune to Geass.
It's all I have left...
Your Majesty, synchronization preparations are complete.
Good, let's begin.
Is it an earthquake?
Really?
Synchronization of each ruin's system is complete.
Now the current Gods' world will end.
Destruction and creation.
Ragnarok is starting.
Your Majesty, there's a transmission from His Highness Schneizel in the Tokyo Settlement.
I thought I told you to handle trifling matters.
Trifling?
Damn you, Schneizel, have you finally found out?
But you're too late.
The war game is over.
This is TV KT.
Due to the loss of our studio, we're broadcasting this emergency report from a temporary studio in Ashford Academy.
It was announced to the public just now that His Highness Schneizel has formed a truce with the Order of the Black Knights.
Furthermore, the Order of the Black Knights has announced the death of their CEO, Zero.
Zero was wounded in the battle at the Tokyo Settlement, and was receiving treatment aboard their flagship, the Ikaruga,
but passed away this morning.
Zero-sama!
No way...!
It can't be!
What's the meaning of this, Ogi?
Is it true that Zero passed away?
Yes.
Unfortunately, the public announcement is correct.
Please, at least let me see his face.
Sorry.
We're very busy right now, it'll have to wait.
Are you serious?
The Order of the Black Knights doesn't need Zero anymore.
We've come this far because of Zero.
And now you're just throwing him away...
It was Zero who threw us away.
He tricked us all.
With the despicable power of Geass.
I thought of him as my best bud.
I really liked him!
But...
He was using Ogi like a disposable pawn during the Black Rebellion.
No, even before that...
That's right.
People aren't... We're not pawns in some game.
We're alive.
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you.
From now on, you'll do as I say!
She's good...
Lloyd, how's Lancelot coming along?
Well, with the state the Core Luminous is in...
No, I meant Lancelot Albion.
We're just about to roll it out.
What's this Albion?
It's a KnightMare we developed for Kururugi Suzaku's personal use, but I don't feel like giving it to you now.
I'm ordering you.
As the Knight of Seven.
Now I don't want to even more.
Suzaku, you said one needs to have the resolve not to fire FLEIJA too, right?
Cecile, what is a weapon in the first place?
Lord Kururugi... Are you going to use a child's argument?
I'm-
Drop it, Suzaku.
This isn't like you.
Oh, this is-
Please, remain at ease.
Long time no see, Your Highness Princess Cornelia.
Right.
Where's Guilford?
Ah... He's...
Cornelia, the truth is, Lord Guilford...
He's missing after having fired the warhead FLEIJA in the recent battle.
Guilford did...?
Although we don't know if he's still alive, he accomplished a great achievement.
Be proud.
He truly was your knight.
Please wait.
I was the one who fired FLEIJA.
That was my achievement.
It's necessary for me to become the Knight of One.
Hey, Suzaku-
Was this supposed to be a measure to defend Lord Guilford's reputation?
What are you talking about?
Let it be, Suzaku.
No.
I've been too soft up until now.
Oh really?
While preaching on about methods before results, what I really treasured were ideals and aesthetics.
But...
Or will you do it, Your Highness?
Make me the Knight of One.
You're being too disrespectful, Kururugi.
Only His Majesty the Emperor can appoint the Knight of One.
In other words...
Then I shall become that.
Brother...
I'll become the Emperor.
Then there wouldn't be a problem, right?
Your Highness, those words...
Gino.
What's the meaning of this?
Your Highness Schneizel, do you truly mean what you just said?
Apparently, he called this a trifling matter.
His Majesty called the war with the Order of the Black Knights a trifling matter.
But...
You're aware of it too, aren't you, Cornelia?
Father is involved in dangerous research, and frequently leaves the throne.
Yes... He's been treating politics and warfare like a game.
A man who has lost interest in this world, in the present,
and simply watches as the people suffers has no right to rule.
He finally reached a conclusion.
But...
Is this... a coup d'état?
No way...
Your Highness, as a Rounds I'm allowed an audience with His Majesty.
Give me the order to assassinate His Majesty the Emperor.
Suzaku!
If murder lies within my karma, I will accept this, Gino.
What's needed are... results.
Tianzi-sama, I will negotiate with Prime Minister Schneizel in Tokyo, like we decided.
Kaguya, umm... About Zero...
Losing Zero-sama was a great loss.
Furthermore, we have to utilize his death as effectively as possible.
Besides, even though I called him my husband, Zero-sama and I were u-ultimately just a couple by appearance...
His Majesty the Emperor landed on Kamine Island?
Yes.
Together with people of unknown affiliation.
Unknown affiliation? Remnants of the Followers of Geass?
Are you really planning on having Suzaku assassinate His Majesty the Emperor?
Gino, are you saying things are fine the way they are now?
That's...
You see, by nature, people want to be ruled by something.
Ethnicity, religion, tradition, authority.
The Emperor of Britannia has to act these things out.
Are you saying you could rule over people, Your Highness?
If that's what's asked of me, probably.
What do you mean, probably?
Do you know the second meaning of authority?
Was this Schneizel's idea?
This is my own will.
Your Majesty, I'm grateful for my promotion.
But you are guilty of two crimes.
One, you abandoned your obligation to rule.
And the other, you stained your hands with Geass.
And that would be a crime?
Geass draws out the evil in people.
Yes... You, who knows everything, should've been able to save Euphy.
Yet you abandoned her.
So what?
This sword holds both Lelouch's and Nunnally's despair!
Prepare yourself!
Lord Waldstein, why are you here?
You thought you were the only one who knew about Geass?
Too bad.
Who would believe someone like you, who continues to betray?
I'm leaving this trifling matter to you.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Wait!
Ogi? This is Hong Gu.
Requesting permission to land.
We've brought Lady Tianzi and Lady Kaguya.
R-Right.
Then I'll contact Schneizel.
And here I was thinking Ogi had changed a little, but it looks like he's unfit for the role after all.
What he really wants to do is protect someone.
Crap...
The Geass he placed on me to live is yelling at me to run away.
That's how dangerous an opponent the Knight of One is!
But I've thrown my weakness away!
Fool!
That's your weakness.
The foundation of your strength, kindness...
Yes.
Strength without an ideal is just brute force.
Thus...
You will die here, Kururugi Suzaku.
My name is Lelouch vi Britannia.
Queen Marianne's firstborn, the prince discarded by the Empire.
I'm unable to contact His Majesty the Emperor.
Do not capture suspicious characters. Use of lethal force is allowed.
Yes, My Lord.
What?! Why us-
Why are we firing at friendlies?
We're investigating, but we're unable to contact turret cabin 3.
There's a possibility someone has taken over it.
Respond, turret cabin 3!
If you do not respond, you will be removed by force!
Follow us, the Royal Guard!
Eliminate all enemies!
Yes, My Lord.
Reinforcements from the Shikine Island Base are all taking hostile actions!
We're receiving reports of friendly fire within the base as well.
This is...
...a revolt?!
Yes.
Where's His Majesty the Emperor?
His Majesty has moved to the safest place possible.
Right now...
Lelouch?
This is my crucifixion!
Who's in command of the Great Britannia?
The Knight of Twelve, Lady Monica Kruszewski.
All right.
I'm going out in Galahad.
We still can't get in contact with Mordred?
Affirmative.
We believe her destination is Kamine Island.
So, after hearing what just happened, she went after His Majesty the Emperor?
Together with Suzaku... No, this is...
Lady Kaguya, I'm terribly sorry.
We're forced to head towards Kamine Island.
Then we shall go too.
Under these circumstances, there's only one person who could point a blade at His Majesty the Emperor that comes to mind.
The same goes for me.
Thus, there are a few things we need to confirm.
Let's proceed with the negotiations after we've settled this matter.
Try to stop me if you can.
If there's anyone who can match my despair, that is.
I'm not sure who the enemy is, but I can't just destroy everything.
Anya! Even you...?
Taking part in a coup d'état, and you still call yourself the Knight of One?
What?
Don't misunderstand!
How am I supposed to believe you?!
The enemy came from Shikine Island.
Monica can testify to this.
Understood.
I apologize.
It's fine as long as you understand.
How's the damage to your machine?
Aerial combat abilities are reduced.
I'll confront the rebel army on land.
Understood.
I shall protect the flagship.
You're quite the actor.
I don't have time to explain to Bismarck.
If I act suspicious, he won't suspect me, right?
It seems your sparkle hasn't faded, Marianne the Flash.
As expected of Lelouch's mother.
Hey, what should we do?
Should we help him out?
Now, Gods.
The time to settle things has come.
Not quite.
You're wrong, Charles zi Britannia.
You don't need to settle things with the Gods.
But with me.
How's that going to happen?
You can't kill me with a gun, a sword or with Geass...
I thank you.
By entering this realm, you've completed my calculations for victory.
You sealed the exit!
That's right.
I've sealed both you and Geass into this space with me.
As long as you're unable to interfere with the real world, all your cunning plans are worthless.
You might as well be dead.
Lelouch!
The system that you created has now become a prison for your own soul.
Now, suffer repentance together with me for eternity!
Now I see. Perhaps I did choose the wrong path.
Perhaps Suzaku was right all along.
It's the means that are important.
But I can't back down now!
For Euphy and Shirley, Nunnally and Rolo.
That's right! I must face him!
And place everything that makes me who I am on the line, against this man!
The Emperor of Britannia, Charles.
No matter what awaits me, I'll...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
The world moves in accordance with the miracle Zero created.
The world is reborn in accordance with Zero's actions.
Yes, the world is now about to advance towards the next stage.
Together, with a surge of desires and emotions, Zero must move forward.
In order to keep the hands of time from stopping.
I came alone as agreed... But what is this about, Jeremiah?
You said you would only tell me about the whereabouts of Her Highness Princess Cornelia...
This is Britannian territory now!
Don't let even one of them make it ashore!
The enemy fell for our trap.
They should be weaker in the Tianying direction.
Advance the Landing Squad!
Enemy troops are heading towards Yamaguchi!
The Garcia Squad has been wiped out!
Those Order of the Black Knights bastards, assembling this much military power...
Even if we try to uphold the last territorial line of defense, we're being overrun by Xingke in the Eastern Chinese naval battle...
Don't panic.
If we can just hold Area 11, all the Royal Families will come swarming into the United Federation of Nations, starting with His Highness Odysseus.
All the other Knights of Rounds have been dispatched to the frontline.
On the contrary, if we manage to liberate Japan, the other Britannian colonial Areas will stand up one after another.
The world map will be redrawn.
In other words...
...this is the turning point.
It's already been 8 years, huh?
Nunnally and I were left in the care of the Kururugi Shrine then.
And there...
Well, you Britannian bastard?!
Don't look down on me!
I met Suzaku for the first time.
You don't need a reason to save someone you want to save!
You were always stubborn... But that's also why you became my very first friend.
That's why I'm betting on you, Suzaku.
If you would accept me...
These sacrifices just aren't enough.
The Vampire of Britannia!
Let's attack him all at once!
Six-Sided Charge Formation!
Wh-What?
A question!
What is it that's precious to you?
S-Stop!
That's right, it's life!
Please stop!
Sir Xingke, the left flank is falling apart.
There's one KnightMare with abnormal fighting capabilities.
Add the Indira Squad to their support.
Isolate that unit while the left flank retreats!
Yes.
Prince Schneizel should be staying in Tōkyō.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
The Empire's greatest Knight, the Knight of One, is in Kyūshū.
We'll position ourselves in Tōkyō, and give off the impression to other countries that this is nothing but a small dispute.
Yes, Your Highness!
It's all right, Nunnally.
I believe this war will be over quickly.
If my predictions are correct, that is.
The troops that appeared in Nagasaki have been taken care of by the Grausam Valkyrie Squad.
Relocating reinforcements to Shimane.
Back up Lord Morley in the front too!
Lord Kalim is retreating, and will join up with Lord Lascaux.
Reorganize the troops!
Looks like the enemy's offensive is starting to fall apart.
Once you sortie, Lord Waldtstein, it'll be over in an instant.
I wonder.
This is too shallow for one of Zero's operations.
Galahad is launching.
Special Equipment Squad No. 1 will provide backup.
Galahad, launching!
You came alone?
I did promise.
I'm amazed you made it here.
There are 31 routes established because of the circumstances.
The routes associated with the Royal Families are especially lax...
No, Lelouch.
I'm amazed you were able to show yourself to me.
That's what I meant.
Because you promised?
There's no way I could trust your promises at this point.
Then why are you here alone too?
You also...
Because I don't want to have to lie anymore.
I had to lie to Nunnally.
Just like you did.
You're the worst.
What friendship?
You always betrayed me.
And not only me.
Everyone from the Student Council, and Nunnally... E-Even Euphy!
Are you okay with this, Tōdō-san?
We're stuck here.
There has been no word from Zero yet.
But since the Knights of Rounds have appeared, no matter how good Commander Xingke is...
Believe in Zero.
I can't!
He let those Orange and Rolo guys join at his own discretion!
Isn't he keeping too many secrets?
The other day he used Kinoshita and the others in secret...
Zero is a power that we need right now.
We've gone over this many times with Ōgi and the rest!
So, what if we liberate Japan?
What happens after that?
Where are Ōgi and Diethard?
Who knows?
What are you trying to accomplish by threatening me?
Threaten you? No, no.
I want you to continue working as a member of the Order of the Black Knights.
What do you mean?
I just don't want you to get in Zero's way.
Why? There should be plenty of replacements for me...
Your presence is valuable because you're ordinary.
An organization cannot exist by a blazing sun alone.
I want to make certain.
Did you use Geass on Euphy?
Yes.
To massacre the Japanese?
I gave the order.
Why would you use such a Geass?
Answer me!
To make the Japanese take action.
If the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon had been established, the Order of the Black Knights would have collapsed.
What about Shirley's death?
It's my fault.
You're inhuman...
Were Shirley and Euphy nothing but pawns for your ambitions to you?
That's right.
I'm guilty of everything.
But Nunnally has nothing to do with that.
You're a coward!
Using Nunnally as an excuse...
Suzaku, I'm sorry.
And my brother always pretended to be Santa for me.
The face of a gentle brother, and the mask of Zero...
Which is the real Lelouch?
Oh, he's not here either?
Has Suzaku been here?
There's no way he would.
Add Hong Gu's squad to the left flank!
Prepare for the second charge!
You must be the commander.
You've come to take out the leader?!
That's one of the basic strategies!
This is Excalibur.
The Holy Sword, named by His Majesty the Emperor himself.
This is the first time in my life that I'm bowing my head to someone.
I don't care what anyone will think.
I don't need anything but this.
Not even Geass.
So please, save Nunnally! I'm begging you!
What is this, all of a sudden?!
You think I'd forgive you?
With something like this...?!
I don't.
But this is all I have...
I have no choice but to depend on you to save Nunnally!
You think I'd forgive you?!
You think anyone would forgive you?!
All those who've been manipulated by you...
Those who died because of you...
Euphy too...!
If you want me to accept your apology 
Right now!
Save the world with your evil intentions!
Right now!
Aren't you Zero, who can create miracles?
There are no miracles.
It's all calculation and arrangement.
Zero's mask is a symbol.
Just a device to be able to lie.
What device?
You think I'd accept an excuse like that?
If you're going to lie, then lie until the end!
But I can't go back in time.
I can't do it all over again!
Answer me, Lelouch!
Why did you put a Geass on me to live?!
Why?!
The Geass you put on me, ordering me to live, shook my principles.
Why would you put such a curse on me?!
Because I wanted to survive.
Why was I saved when I was accused of being guilty of the assassination of His Highness Clovis?
To gain the trust of the Japanese.
Why did you save everyone from the Student Council during the hotel hijacking?
Because I thought I could take advantage of it during the Order of the Black Knights' debut.
Those eyes...
I know them.
Those are the eyes you make when you're hiding something and taking the blame.
That's why I joined the Britannian Army.
To make up for the tragedy.
So it won't happen again.
You're lying, aren't you?
Lelouch, there's only one way to atone for your lies.
Make them real.
You lied about being an ally of justice, right?
Then become an ally of justice for real.
Take your lies all the way to the end...
But, how should I...?
You will end this war.
If you're Zero...
No, that's something only Zero can do.
Make the world peaceful using a method that makes everyone happy.
If you do that, Nunnally will...
You'll... save her?
Once again for Nunnally's sake, with you.
Thanks.
If we work together, nothing can-
Th-This is...!
That's enough, Zero!
We already know your identity!
Are you all right?!
Lord Kururugi!
Please step back.
Suzaku...
From the beginning, you...!
Please wait!
This is a fabulous contribution, Lord Kururugi.
With this, the war's over.
I see...
You were planning on selling me out again...
You betrayed me, Suzaku...
You betrayed me!
Suzaku has been acting strange lately, so I thought this might change his mood.
You found this in the Student Council room?
Yeah.
It was carefully placed in the back of a locker.
Some pictures have been removed though.
I guess they didn't want to leave in too many pictures of having fun with you... well, with a terrorist.
But everyone...
I see, he...
He can make a face like this too, huh?
I've never seen Suzaku smile like this.
Hey.
What?
You're half Britannian, half Eleven.
If you had chosen the name Stadtfeld instead of Kōzuki, you could've lived a good life.
If you had wanted to, you could even have joined the Knights of Rounds.
What are you trying to say?
Well, I was wondering if you had any interest in coming back to us.
Lord Bradley, please stop!
Since you've taken that much damage, you'd just sink anyway, right?
I, Luciano, will make good use of you!
I'll settle this in an instant!
He's using a friendly warship as a weapon...
Continue firing while retreating at full speed!
It's no good, we won't make it in time!
Where do you think you're going?
You're a good pilot.
All right, from this position...!
I see.
He took the attack from my sword and connected it to his next attack.
It seems the rumors of the man named Xingke being a prodigy are true.
It appears Commander Xingke has been injured.
Dalongdan, retreating.
Transferring command of the operation to Chief Officer Zhou Xianglin.
What's taking you so long, Zero?
Who would've believed the identity of Zero was actually a student...
Guilford...
I'm sad.
Zero, who's been murdering the Royal Family, is actually my own brother.
What a tragedy.
Brother...
But Lelouch, I will mediate with His Majesty the Emperor.
Of course you won't be rid of all accusations, but perhaps I can at least have your life spared.
Are you taking pity on me?
On me?!
Th-Then...
Yes.
It was all His Highness Schneizel's orders.
If we kept an eye on you, it would eventually lead us to Zero.
His Highness took notice.
Of your odd relationship with Zero.
Lelouch.
Even now, I consider myself your brother.
I won't treat you badly.
Won't you trust me?
Trust you?
Yes. Your brother.
Unfortunately, brother, I have given up trusting people.
My friendship was betrayed.
Lord Guilford.
Who is that? You're not Orange!
Hold it.
I just have a small request.
Understood.
What should I do?
Oh, it's very simple.
When I take this pose, you'll think of me as Cornelia from that moment on.
And then...
Y-Your Highness Princess Cornelia!
My Knight, Guilford!
Save me!
Yes, Your Highness!
Well done spotting me, Guilford!
Lord Guilford, what are you doing?!
What about you, taking my superior captive?
Have you gone mad?!
Even Lord Guilford...
Guess I have no choice but to believe...
Princess, we should leave this place for now.
Lelouch!
Farewell.
My first and last friend.
Lelouch!
I can't believe it, why would Lord Guilford turn sides...?
Is it true?!
Are we on standby here?
Yes, by Schneizel's instructions.
I heard Zero appeared.
We haven't been informed either...
It seems he found out something terrible, though...
I want to make certain.
Did you use Geass on Euphy?
I think you know why Lord Guilford turned sides too, don't you?
And the reason why you acted like you did on Kaminejima.
S-Shouldn't I go after Zero?
Right now, we're lacking some very important information.
Information that you're aware of...
Wired C, response confirmed.
Synchronization complete.
Backing up Ragnarok.
Recovering.
Guilford... Keep heading towards the Tōkyō Settlement.
Yes, Your Highness.
Kururugi Suzaku.
Who are you?
A Japanese?
An Honorary Britannian?
The Knight of Seven?
Perhaps the son of Prime Minister Kururugi Genbu?
Lelouch's friend?
Euphemia's Knight?
Unless you talk to us, we'll have to take part in an unfair battle.
How long are you planning on continuing this chain of sorrow?
Don't worry.
The repairs to the structure of the settlement have completed.
It's impossible for Zero to destroy it like last time.
We have him on visual. It's Zero.
So you've come, you fool...
Prepare to fire.
It doesn't matter if you destroy the Vincent too!
Don't think that I was a student in the settlement for no purpose at all.
The Tōkyō Settlement... I'll make it come to a stop right now!
Fire!
What?
Th-The Energy Filler...
A Gefjun Disturber?!
Umm, and then, this is...
I-I'm terribly sorry, dear viewers.
It appears the studio has lost power. 
All right, the conditions have been cleared.
Tōdō!
Roger!
Commence Operation No. 7!
Ikaruga, surface!
Ikaruga, surfacing!
All fleet squads, surface at will.
Ōgi? Now...
I know!
The main fleet will pass through Tōkyō Bay and break into the Tōkyō Settlement!
To join up with Zero.
All personnel, to your stations!
All right, let's go!
This time...
...we'll take it back!
My allegiance! For Sir Lelouch and Lady Nunnally!
What? The Order of the Black Knights is at Tōkyō Bay?
Lord Waldtstein.
Send me and your personal Grausam Valkyrie Squad!
To the Tōkyō Settlement...?
You're looking to perform a deed of merit that badly?
No...
I just want to destroy.
Rolo, how's your side?
It's fine. The operation has started.
I'm going to get Nunnally now.
Good. I'm leaving it to you, Rolo.
Yes. I was wrong.
It was wrong of me to try to rely on pity.
Remain calm and cold-hearted.
Unless I create the perfect conditions myself, Nunnally won't be taken back.
Lelouch...
Ever since that time with Clovis, I thought something was off...
But now I understand.
I'm completely satisfied.
Now all the cards are in my hands...
That's right, if you had only told His Highness Schneizel this from the beginning, this war would never have happened.
Because you're a Knight of Rounds, I can't punish you.
Find an answer to your sin by yourself.
What should I do...?
You know, the world isn't kind only to you.
Do I have to pilot it?
The Lancelot with FLEIJA...
Using FLEIJA... on Lelouch...
You really did it this time.
All those who sneered at me, stepped on me and looked down on me...
I swear, I'll be victorious!
I have to win against Schneizel and Suzaku!
I know that I'm the target you're after now.
Fine.
Come after me.
I'll destroy you!
I'll show you despair!
And on top of that, I'll steal Nunnally back!
I'll rescue Kallen!
The one who gets the last laugh will be...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
It's my brother, right?
It's me, Nunnally.
If his memory really hasn't returned,
then he shouldn't know who Nunnally is.
Now let's hear your answer, Lelouch.
Now you've really done it, Suzaku...
Umm... Isn't this my brother?
I can't do this.
I can't lie to Nunnally.
I... I...!
Rolo?
Well done. Keep him like that.
Don't forget the time limit.
I know.
Listen to me, Nunnally.
Brother! It IS you!
We have to pretend to be strangers for now.
It's necessary. I want you to go along with what I say.
I will come for you.
I will.
So, until then...
Until then...
I love you, Nunnally.
Umm... I think you have the wrong person.
Yes. I'm just a student, after all.
So your memory hasn't returned, Lelouch...?
Yes. I'm sorry.
Me too.
I heard you were an important friend to Suzaku,
so I jumped to conclusions...
Umm... I...
No. I'm honored to have spoken to Her Highness the Princess.
Umm...
Could you return the phone?
Yes, Your Highness.
I'm sorry, Nunnally.
I caused a misunderstanding.
No. I was surprised, the mood was like...
Umm...
I'll see you in Area 11, then.
Don't be fooled.
No matter how much of a disadvantage he is at, this is Zero we're talking about.
I'm sure he's planning something.
How weak.
Were you really called the Spearhead of the Empire?
Governor-General Nunnally has me.
You won't take part in this.
But Zero is...
Lord Guilford!
Zero is already dead.
This Zero is only using his name.
Don't you think being afraid of an imposter is a disgrace towards Her Highness Princess Cornelia?!
A disgrace~
Earl Lloyd?
Tuning the Lancelot took longer than expected.
I'm late.
Long time no see, Professor Lloyd.
Ah, it's because I'm working directly below Curly now.
You're being disrespectful towards His Majesty the Emperor!
I apologize.
Lloyd!
Did I say something bad?
You're the same as always.
So, about that unit...
Yes. The one from His Highness Schneizel's production line.
It should be property of the 2nd Prince.
Thanks.
Seriously...
To think this sloppy aristocrat is serving as Lord Kururugi's caretaker...
The only thing I can be happy about is the education of the new Governor-General.
Did Suzaku lie?
But my brother...
What happened between them...?
The new Governor-General is arriving at Area 11 tomorrow as planned.
The name and background of the new Governor-General still haven't been revealed.
The problem is the Chinese Federation's embassy, isn't it?
You're thinking of the Zero incident, right?
Some believe Ambassador Gao Hai acted on his own, since there hasn't been a public announcement.
The Ambassador position within a country signifies the power balance...
How is the situation in Area 11?
Who knows? I don't know the details...
What's happening in the outside world?
I've never been outside of this palace.
[Note] Luo Yang is a city. The Zhu Jin Cheng is a reference to the Zi Jin Cheng (the Forbidden City).
Tian Zi, Luo Yang and the Zhu Jin Cheng are the center of the world.
But...
I'll have a look outside, then.
The truth is... I came to tell you that I must leave today.
But...
Now that I've finally made a friend...
I'm sorry, but my husband is waiting.
The supplies were successfully retrieved at Niigata.
I see.
But there's no way to get back to the embassy...
I suppose so.
The new Governor-General is Nunnally.
Are you going to fight your own sister?
Fight? With Nunnally?
What kind of joke is that?
Are you going to abandon her, then?
That's out of the question.
As things are now, Nunnally's going to end up a political tool, just like before.
A girl who can neither walk nor see.
Is he going to use her like a disposable pawn?
I took action to prevent him from doing that!
That's why the Order of the Black Knights exists!
I became Zero for Nunnally's sake!
I know she's your raison d'être,
But...
I'm going to create a world where Nunnally can live happily.
For that, I will even destroy Britannia!
Is that "V.V." person currently in the Britannian motherland?
I don't know that much.
But V.V. is your father's, the Britannian Emperor Charles', first ally.
Ally?
Long ago, they made a pact.
I will slay the Gods.
That is our contract.
Say, Charles.
Why didn't you tell Nunnally?
About Zero's true identity and about Geass...
There's no need for that.
Charles, you're still naïve.
Am I, 
Am I, brother?
Where is Governor-General Nunnally?
She's in the garden.
If she came to the bridge...
Guess there's no point.
Gone?
The Order of the Black Knights?
Yes.
We just confirmed it for ourselves.
Let's share information.
Maybe it'll make Britannia understand that our country holds no hostility towards them.
Zero too?
It seems so.
The KnightMares are gone as well.
It looks like they left through an underground passageway.
To where?
Who knows? I don't.
Don't tell me they're going for Nunnally...?!
They got us.
Want to strike back at them?
The Order of the Black Knights!
The goal for this operation is to capture the new Governor-General.
No matter what happens, do not harm her!
Is that clear?
No matter what!
Understood!
What are you doing, Tamaki?!
Rookies.
Bringing arms made for land combat into the air isn't...
A Surface Flare won't pose a problem.
Surround them and fight!
General Tōdō, I'm leaving the rest to you.
Right. Take care, sub-commanders.
Don't tell me they're on top...?
Two additional hostile KnightMares!
They're on our wings!
It seems they're on our escort ships too.
Our air forces are...
Foolish commander.
I knew you would focus your attack on the smoke.
Now we only have to deal with the flagship.
All right. We're pulling back.
Bring out the remaining air forces!
Have the escort ships fire as well!
But the enemy is aiming for the Float System!
Because we have our shields up, our aim is...
What are we going to do if we can't even defend this ship?!
If I had known it would turn out like this, I would have brought Lord Guilford along.
Even if we get reinforcements from the Tōkyō settlement, it'll take them nearly an hour to get here.
What if a KnightMare makes it inside?
Then we'll crash.
More importantly, the survivors...
Don't tell me...
Die!
Okay, got it.
Nunnally, I'm coming to save you now.
Secret technique,
[Note] This is some Sumo move. Go Google it.
"Hassō Tobi!"
Even with shields up, once we get inside, you're ours.
Looks like you're running out of air units too.
[Note] "Inaba no Shiro Usagi" is an old story about a bunny. Again, Google.
If you fool around, you'll end up losing everything.
Yeah, yeah. I'll remain faithful to the basics-
Reinforcements from Tōkyō?!
It's too soon...
No, they're coming in from behind.
They're equipped with Float Units?
KnightMares?!
No way... That machine is...
It's time to drop the curtain.
All units, power output normal.
Mass production is so nice.
Is it really okay to have His Highness Schneizel pay for the expenses...
It should be all right.
He'll notice sooner or later.
What? You didn't tell him?!
Who cares if I can't fly!
Your instincts are good.
But that machine's characteristics aren't!
Sorry, the rest is up to you...
Damn Guilford, acting on his own...
But he saved us...
Now it'll end up as his achievement!
The conditions have already been cleared.
Now the tides of the war will turn.
Nu-
Nu-Nunnally...
Hey, Zero is in the ship!
What is the guard doing?!
Governor-General Nunnally, it's Zero!
Eh?
General Apsom must be-
You must not interfere with their meeting.
Nunnally...
I've finally found you.
Finally...
You're Zero, aren't you?
Are you going to kill me too?
Like my brother, Clovis, and my sister, Euphie...
Could you please wait a little while?
I believe you're wrong.
A Harken...!
Now, Kōzuki-kun!
Right!
All right, it's time to teach you a lesson.
That's a weird combat machine.
But you know...
A KnightMare?!
I'm sorry. Take care of the rest...
Four enemy machines remaining.
The Knights of Rounds too...
My evaluation will be...
What is it?!
Starboard escort ship, unable to maneuver!
At this rate it'll hit us!
Change course!
We won't make it!
We're going to collide!
Mordred's way of handling things never changes.
Anya, don't do that again.
Killing the Governor-General would be bad, right?
I protected her...
Lloyd, how's Lancelot?
The preparations are complete.
Hurry over here.
General, what are you going to do?!
I'll get demoted at this rate.
I have to accomplish something by myself...
I'll deal with the Order of the Black Knights!
You fool, you destroyed your own engine!
Zero is right in front of me now.
Brother...
Please give me courage.
It's Britannia that is wrong.
The Emperor believes strength is the absolute value.
Do you agree with that?
That's...
Governor-General Nunnally, you're only being used.
You're saying I would gain sympathy because I can't walk or see?
That's not it.
I wanted this for myself.
Where's Zero?
We can't contact him because of the ECCM.
I'd like to join Chiba and Kōzuki at the rear to perform a search of the ship, but...
But this ship is going to crash.
There's no time...
Senba!
I don't like picking on the weak.
To die here is...
Senba!
Tōdō, using arms made for land combat for an aerial sneak attack doesn't seem like a battle you'd usually fight.
You wished for it?
I believe I can change the world to a more peaceful place in a more gentle way.
That's why I will carry on with Euphie's will,
and re-establish the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon.
You're going to restore it?!
Zero, won't you join me there as well?
People can start over.
Zero has come to capture Nunnally.
But there hasn't been a report from the Information Department.
Is my enemy Zero or Lelouch?
Lord Kururugi, I'm confirming the situation.
The second Floater has stopped working on the ship Governor-General Nunnally is on.
The third and fourth Floaters are still operational.
Releasing Case Seater.
Well, at this rate we'll all be swimming in the ocean soon.
There's also the report that General Apsom died in battle.
I'll prioritize rescuing the Governor-General.
Commencing search for the signal from her wheelchair.
Starting cleaning of the noise due to ECM.
Presetting the phase.
Sending you the layout of the ship's interior.
Confirming data link.
Complete.
Please send me the Governor-General's current position after you confirm it.
Channel MB, roger.
Lancelot Conquista,
Launch!
Launching!
Kallen, I have to save Nunnally.
I won't ask...
...for forgiveness now.
Hide, Kōzuki!
If you go inside the ship...
Not until everyone escapes first.
No way!
Kōzuki!
Use the eject lever, Kōzuki!
No good. It's not working!
Defective equipment at a time like this...
Hide and seek is over.
I'm falling!
I'm sorry, Guren...
Mother...
Brother...
You're in the best position.
Lakshata?!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
The Order of the Black Knights' special air-gliding wings.
Did you do your homework?
Y-Yes, I'm good.
All right, let's try it for real then.
We'll take care of basic guidance.
Please save Zero-sama.
Right!
Opening the Vertical Launch Pipes.
Confirming connection signal to Guren Mk. II.
Soar, my air-gliding wings!
Turn!
Confirming guidance signal.
Approximated synchronization angle looks good.
Connect them.
Connecting!
Fly!
And now, the armor-piercing round arm attachment!
Arm attachment, decelerating to connection speed.
Neuron transmission, from 0.5 to 0.8 MMP.
There are no obstacles.
Maneuvering muscles one through five are functioning properly.
Shock controller start-up, confirmed.
Connection possible.
Kallen, please...
It doesn't matter who the enemy is!
Our squad will follow Tōdō.
Yeah. I'll take care of the Governor-General...
It's flying?
The Order of the Black Knights have a Floater too?
Kōzuki-kun, Zero...!
I'll save him!
Oh? You gained wings and a shield, huh?
But...
If this Guren doesn't work, it's over.
But we have no choice, so try firing.
That's right!
A-At this distance?!
I can do it!
With this Guren Flight Type!
Suzaku, you go for the Governor-General.
Don't let your guard down.
That pilot defeated Lord Jeremiah.
That Orange, huh?
You...!
Hey now, she's as skilled as a Rounds?
But with this...
Don't underestimate the Guren!
It stepped on me...
I saved you for last!
Even wider range?!
What was that amount of energy?
It diffused.
But judging from the damage to the machines, they probably won't be able to move for a while.
What's with that KnightMare?
Nah, it's the pilot.
I'm glad they got serious.
Kallen, why did you come back under these conditions?
Don't tell me Zero is inside the ship?!
Out of my way!
Let him eat Gefjun Net!
I already have a counter for that.
But I stopped your movement!
No way!
Even though the Yggdrassil Drive's power has been increased...
Suzaku!
I've discovered the Governor-General's current position.
The garden space behind the main bridge.
But there's only 47 seconds left until the crash!
I'll definitely save her!
Shit!
Kallen! Forget Suzaku...
...focus on Zero-sama!
I know, but where is he?!
There's no time left.
I'll use the Coalminas Cone...
Go!
What should I do?
I can't reveal Zero's identity.
But if I take her along by force,
I'll end up bending Nunnally's will...
Suzaku?!
You're escaping with me!
Nunnally!
Suzaku!
No!
He was the one who sold me out to the Emperor...!
Suzaku!
Were you scared?
I'm sorry.
You'll be all right now.
Nunnally is escaping with Suzaku...
Zero, now...
NUNNALLY!
Ever since my mother was killed eight years ago,
ever since I was abandoned by Britannia,
protecting Nunnally has meant everything to me.
Taking care of her room, preparing her food, everything.
But... I was a fool!
Nunnally has dreams too.
There's a path Nunnally has to choose too.
These facts are totally obvious and simple.
Ah... What should I do...?OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
2017 a.t.b.
The colony Japan, named Area 11, challenged their suzerain, the Holy Britannian Empire, to a war for independence.
This civil war, named the Black Rebellion, went down in history as Japan's second loss.
One year later, a man claiming to be the supposedly dead terrorist Zero appeared in Area 11.
Zero, the leader of the armed group the Order of the Black Knights.
His true identity is the discarded Britannian Prince, Lelouch Lamperouge.
I am once again announcing the creation of the United States of Japan!
From this moment on, this very room is the first territory of the United States of Japan.
We won't question your race, principles or religion.
There's only one requirement to become a citizen!
To carry out justice!
I've come to kill him.
Zero.
It's just my phone.
Rolo, are you okay?
Brother!
Thank god. I was so worried, I couldn't get a hold of you.
You're unharmed, right? Are you somewhere safe?
What's going on?
The Zero who's giving the speech is someone else?
Brother, where are you now?
What are you talking about? You're the one who...
Rolo, it's me.
Ms. Villetta?
Lelouch is back at school.
He's attending his supplementary lessons now.
You should hurry back too.
Okay, understood.
Your call's over, boy?
Looks like it's over. In various ways.
The man claiming to be Zero and the remnants of the Order of the Black Knights are holed up in a section of the Chinese Union's Embassy.
But there's nothing to worry about.
Guilford, who is acting as Governor-General in place of the injured Governor-General Carares,
is leading the army and has surrounded the Embassy.
We can now consider the settlement safe.
You're creating quite the commotion, Lelouch.
Of course.
A country was created inside their territory all of a sudden.
And that country declared war on them.
What?
When did you two switch?
Before the speech.
Huh? But...
The voice was recorded.
He just revealed himself, and he's already someone else.
Just like a magic show.
I don't like how you keep it secret from us too.
"Us"? You mean "me", don't you?
Lelouch, oven.
Right, right.
Salt.
Frying pan.
Eggs.
Béchamel sauce.
The gelato goes on another plate.
Take out the rosemary and put it in the sorbet.
And the sauerkraut with the dill seeds.
And the Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte...
I can't do everything!
Why are you making me do all this...?
It can't be helped.
Rivalz has no sense of taste, and she's...
She's not suited for delicate things.
I can see that now.
Being honest is good.
But your type is usually useless in the kitchen!
He's even holding a household account book...
How do you know about that?
You really do?
Need a towel?
I can get one by myself!
Can I ask you something, President?
Sure, but I might not answer.
Today's the party for my and Rolo's safe return, right?
Yes.
I'm glad you got home safely.
Shirley was throwing a fit.
"If Lelou died, I'd..."
Where's Rolo anyway?
I did tell him, but...
But he's delicate, unlike his brother...
Isn't that why he doesn't have any friends?
You could say he's reserved.
Umm... You're sticking to me, in various places.
Oh, sorry.
You got me all messy!
They've all forgotten about Nunnally.
No, my sister was replaced with a fake brother.
He didn't change just my memories, he's toying with the entire Student Council.
How could he...
We haven't detected any change in behavior from Lelouch Lamperouge after the incident at Babel Tower.
We have 180 cameras hidden at the school.
And 47 disguised observers.
I mean, we have 48 observers.
There is currently no evidence linking Lelouch to the annihilation of the Carthage Squad.
The surveillance is flawless.
He doesn't have a chance to use Geass.
And if he was Zero, he probably wouldn't come back to school.
So in the end, where's C.C.?
If she hasn't been in contact with Lelouch, the probability of her being at the Embassy is low.
The same as before the incident, then.
You don't know where she is.
We, the Secret Intelligence Service, will continue our plan to capture C.C.
Everyone, continue watching the bait as we have been.
Yes, My Lord.
The enemy's base is where they send the observation data from.
So far so good.
The problem is Nunnally.
The reason they stole Nunnally from their memories is because they know she won't show up here.
In other words, the probability of the Britannian Emperor holding Nunnally is high.
My enemy is someone who will go as low as using children as tools.
My memories...
Nunnally will be in danger if they find out I've returned to being Zero.
I can't make any hasty moves.
I'll fool them.
Those who are watching me. And then...
Lelouch.
Do come to tomorrow's lessons too.
I know.
You have this little faith in me?
Villetta Nu... The woman I've used Geass on before.
My Geass is only effective on a person once.
In other words, I can't use Geass on her again.
My nonexistent brother, then...
I'll start by gently winning him over.
The German army is taking the offensive on the left flank.
The Dutch engineers have finished disarming the minefield.
The right flank is holding out well, considering they're Italian.
Looks like tonight's Bordeaux will be the excellent wine of victory.
Unidentified unit up ahead!
What?!
Lancelot!
Britannia's White Reaper!
The Rounds are making an appearance on the front lines?!
Please surrender.
The outcome is already clear.
I won't harm anyone who throws down their weapons.
Y-You have to be kidding!
Kill him! There's only one single enemy!
That's unfortunate.
You still want to continue?
Are you sure it's okay to make him go on solo missions?
Kururugi is the Emperor's subordinate...
He's the Knight of Seven now.
One of his Majesty the Emperor's own men.
But...
His promotion is something to be happy about, isn't it?
The world is still filled with sadness.
His conscience and sense of responsibility will guide him.
Nina isn't here.
Did Suzaku take Arthur with him?
How come you're looking at an album?
That's the Student Council's marathon dance, right?
The President likes her events too much.
The Heartbroken contest.
It almost makes me cry.
And the President is giving Rivalz a trophy for winning.
I'm surprised you managed to get away.
Didn't you hear the news?
The army completely surrounded Babel Tower.
How did you sneak past the barricade?
What are you saying, Rolo?
Don't you mean "how did you escape from the terrorists"?
There was an emergency passage.
I tried to contact you, but my cell phone wouldn't work.
I see...
That's right. That's the locket I gave him for his birthday.
No, wait...
That day... October 25th is Nunnally's birthday.
Rolo. That locket...
Now that I think about it, a locket doesn't really suit a man.
Let me get you someth-
No, don't take it! You gave me this.
So it's mine.
O-Okay.
I understand, Rolo.
Yes. There has been no change in the observation of Lelouch.
There are no traces of him using Geass.
I don't know the details about Geass.
That cult...
If I interrupted, I can come back later...
Don't do it, Rolo!
He's an ally on the same mission as you!
Obey the orders from abo-!
He could have overheard us.
Geass is our secret, even from the Tōkyō division.
But... So many of our members...
It was the fastest and most reliable method.
Am I wrong?
It's already been three days since the formation of the United States of Japan.
I don't think Britannia will continue this standoff forever.
There are murmurs from the Chinese Union's motherland about replacing the Ambassador too.
Yet... Lelouch still hasn't given us any further orders.
What is he waiting for...?
You are Zero... aren't you?
Oh, I see!
We're holding off the negotiations offered by Britannia.
We should be able to put them off for about a week.
I'll inform Zero.
More importantly, about the Chinese Union's government...
C.C.!
Now that I think about it, wouldn't it have been better if you had acted as the bunny?!
Zero is...
A woman?!
Correct.
No!
You spoiled it too quickly.
You don't know how to have fun.
Don't have fun on Zero's behalf!
You're exposing yourself.
Nice to meet you, Kōzuki Kallen.
You're the pilot of Guren Mk. II, right?
How did you...?
You people interest me.
Bad news, Ōgi and the rest were...!
Can you hear me, Zero?!
I am Cornelia li Britannia's Knight,
Gilbert G.P. Guilford!
Tomorrow at 15:00, the 256 who committed the most grave deed of revolting against our nation...
Everyone...
...will be executed!
Zero! If you value the lives of your men, you will meet me in a fair duel!
Guilford... Not bad.
Huh? It's just you, Lelou?
Yeah. What about your swimming practice, Shirley?
Well, about that...
I was put in charge of buying a birthday present.
Birthday?
Our counselor, Ms. Villetta.
They all thought I should do it, since she always gets mad at me.
But I'm not good at picking presents.
How about alcohol? She seems to like that.
But I'm clueless about brands.
Want me to tag along?
Huh?
To help you pick a present.
Will you? Really?
You're going now, right?
Y-Yes, yes!
Thank you for that piece of information!
It will conceal your permanent Geass.
If shutting out the light is all that's needed, a normal color contact would...
Stop digging around.
As you can guess, it's special.
But if your Geass becomes even stronger...
I'll be done before then...
...with this game.
You're going out?
I'm going to help pick a present. It's for Ms. Villetta's birthday.
Birthday? I see.
Birthdays are important, huh?
I'll be back.
Take care.
Rolo!
Student Council President?!
Rolo, you should come too.
This is communication!
I've only read about them.
I guess it can't be helped. What about over here?
I think a noble rot wine would be too sweet.
How about Sopron?
A date? Could this be a date? Is it...?
Okay, I'll make it a date!
As predicted...
But she even brought Rolo along. That's just like her.
This looks like it'll be good material for the Society for Gender Relations.
O-Oh...
Did you really have to invite him to spy on his own brother?
Rolo is interested too, isn't he? She might become family!
Family...
The target just passed Route Zebra.
All right. Switch with Unit 7.
Unit 2, be prepared for contact with C.C.
Yes, My Lord. Commencing clearing of the surrounding area.
Is he really not Zero?
They deliberately set up a trap at Babel Tower.
Meaning the enemy isn't with the Governor-General.
They've made sure I don't know who's tailing me, but there's a flaw in their system.
If he's Zero, there's no way he'd ignore the execution of his men tomorrow.
Maybe he hasn't regained his memories?
Excuse me, what should I fill out?
Yes?
I'm sorry, could I ask you for a favor?
Yes, what is it?
Well, you see...
Sorry to keep you waiting.
What were you looking at?
Th-Th-That!
I'd really like to ride a cable car for once!
It's my fault.
Because of me, Shirley's memories were...
He selfishly remade the memories of the President and Rivalz too...
It can't go on like this.
When this is over, I'll...
What's wrong?
The President and the others are following us.
Really?
Shirley...
I have a good idea.
The target is entering a store.
Alpha 14, it's a small store.
There's a high risk they'll notice me if I enter.
Wait in front of the store.
Send three men to the back.
Could you pretend like I'm in here for a while?
What for?
I'll sneak out of the store and surprise the President and the others.
Sure. Got it.
A store I don't usually use.
There shouldn't be any surveillance cameras or bugs here.
And Shirley thinks it's a harmless prank.
Even if it fails, she won't be put at risk.
I've already used Geass, too.
All that's left is...
This is the Omotesandō Mall Security Office.
What, the Order of the Black Knights?!
If you don't submit to our demands, we'll set off the bomb we have planted.
No... He can't be Zero.
Isn't this...
The terrorist alert?
I'm sure it's the Order of the Black Knights...
So Zero did resurrect...
You're being too loud! The customers will hear you!
But...!
We have a bomb threat from the Order of the Black Knights at Omotesandō Mall!
Stay in position!
Make preparations for contact with C.C.!
The conditions have been cleared.
Only the ignition is left.
10...
9...
8...
7...
6...
5...
4...
3...
2...
1...
It's the Order of the Black Knights!
Terrorists?!
What is this?!
Crap!
W-What?
Rolo!
Don't get separated!
Rolo?!
He's not here?!
We've lost sight of the target!
What should we do with the report from Scorpion?
Where's Rolo?!
We can't reach him because of the emergency cell phone jamming!
Lieutenant-Colonel, isn't the report from Scorpion top priority...?
I'm heading to the scene!
This is how you create panic.
Where's my brother?!
There's... nobody here?
They went to look for C.C.
So you've... awakened after all?
I turned the one tailing me into a slave, and put him under my absolute rule.
It seems capturing C.C. was your top priority.
Even if the information reported is incorrect.
From now on, this academy that has been like a cage is now my castle of freedom!
And you'll become a pawn to search for Nunnally.
What?!
Geass...?
He stopped time?
Lelouch... Die, along with that demon eye of yours.
Bad news, Zero!
The Chinese Union suddenly...
I'll destroy the Order of the Black Knights here!
The members Guilford is about to execute are the core of the Order of the Black Knights.
The people I need to carry out my plan!
I have to rescue them no matter what.
But right now, my fake brother Rolo is the problem.
They've deployed a Geass-user to watch me.
Their plan makes sense. But that power of his...
No, there has to be some way get through this.
For all those who had their memories rewritten, I must...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
This is the first time that I've seen your face in 8 years.
It's the face of a murderer, isn't it?
I'm probably wearing the same face.
So all the FLEIJA's up until now really were used by you?
Yes.
I wanted to stop you.
Even if you ended up dead.
That's why I can't give you FLEIJA... the key of Damocles.
E-Even if...
... you use Geass!
Use Geass on Nunnally?
Yes.
This is what I wished for time and time again.
To be able to make Nunnally see.
But Nunnally was the only one I couldn't use the Power of Kings, the Geass of absolute obedience on...
But now...
No, I can't.
If I bend Nunnally's will too, I...
Kallen, do you intend to interfere no matter what?
Suzaku, I was wrong about you.
Even though our methods differed, I believed you thought of Japan in your own way.
But...
I... There's something Lelouch and I must do.
I see... You want power that badly?
Then...
Then?
I can't let you stay here.
I'm going to defeat you and stop Lelouch.
I can't let you do that!
Rivalz, shouldn't you have escaped?
Where should I have escaped to?
That's true...
You know, I was happy just wasting the days away with everyone.
Yeah, I understand you.
Power without a master...
Relying on something...
What a weak man.
Please don't! Your wounds are...
The right to leading people means...
That I have to take responsibility... 
You have no right to claim this world.
You who used Zero's name to ignore people's feelings.
Are you saying we should've continued living in hiding?
You wanted a future where you'd always be afraid of getting assassinated?
It was for the sake of your future...
When did I request such a thing?!
I was happy just living with you.
But reality is controlled by many different things.
Putting up resistance is a necessity.
That's why we've been fighting as the resistance!
You could've used the organization! 
What about people who can't get into that organization, that system?!
How are they going to oppose to anything?! 
You...!
Don't act so high and mighty!
What about people whose only option is to join that organization?!
Justice is...! 
If you conform to the methods of an invader, that means you're approving of their actions.
But if you sortie now you'll end up dead!
Are you still...?!
Sorry.
This is my only way of life...
Tōdō-san! 
Why do you have to fight?!
Because I have something to protect!
Perhaps pride and beauty are long gone from wars...
But people still need a place to belong to...
That's all I've been fighting for...
Hey, Naoto...
Did we do the right thing?
But they say war's the mother of inventions, don't they?
I won't accept that.
Because you aren't looking at the people on the other end, Pudding Earl.
Your name's Nina?
What about you?
I-I've just been doing what I...
She just didn't want it to happen again.
But people are weak.
Yeah!
Can't I have a dream?!
Don't I have the right to that?!
I can still fight... I can still fight!
Why's everyone treating me like an idiot?!
Senpai...
I've seen...
I've always seen...
That fighting is in the history of people... 
But...
The world and the people in it won't just become what you want them to!
So you're saying you'll make it how you see fit?!
That's...!
That's cowardly.
A Geass that bends people's will and tramples their dignity.
Then what is Damocles?
Isn't it a cowardly system that forces people to obey?
Damocles will become a symbol of hate.
All hate will be gathered here.
So that everyone can face tomorrow.
I see, Nunnally...
You, too...
Then...
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you.
Hand over the key of Damocles!
N-No...
I mustn't give it to him!
No more... sins!
Here you go, brother.
You cheeky...!
Recording complete.
Not yet!
Be blown to pieces!
Remember this!
Jeremiah Gottwald!
That's the name of the man who brought defeat on you, which you ought to remember.
Remember? That has nothing to do with me.
Because my memories are...
Her memory?
Don't tell me...
Move, Tristan!
If I could just fly...!
Now I'm out of juice for the Radiation Wave. 
I'm out of Shield Energy, huh...?
But even so...!
I can't bring an end to this...
Even though I'm using the cursed Geass...!
Kallen, such power!
My specs are supposed to be superior...
Suzaku, if you have this much power, why...?!
Let's end this, Kallen!
If only you had a sense of justice!
No way...
I didn't reach him?
No, you did, Kallen...
I see...
You won, Kallen...
Nunnally...
You're already living by thinking for yourself.
That's also why I'm able to continue walking my path.
Thank you.
I love you, Nunnally.
You used Geass, didn't you?!
Hold it!
Hold it!
Wait!
You're a villain, brother!
Low... and cowardly!
You're...
You're so cruel!
The Knight of Betrayal, Kururugi Suzaku, has been defeated.
Would you ask for him to be spared?
For that person's sake.
Kaguya, you only recently got to know Lelouch's true face.
What about it?
Yet you understood part of his true nature.
You're a kind person.
Announcing to the entire world.
I am the Emperor of the Holy Britannian Empire,
Lelouch vi Britannia.
Impossible!
Lelouch used FLEIJA?!
No way...!
This can't be!
Schneizel has surrendered to me.
Thus, both Damocles and FLEIJA are now mine.
The Order of the Black Knights no longer has the strength to oppose me.
If they still intend to oppose me, they'll get to know the power of FLEIJA.
There's no one left who can stop my domination.
Yes, on this day, on this very moment, the world has fallen into my hands!
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you.
World, obey me!
All Hail Lelouch!
All Hail Lelouch!
All Hail Lelouch!
All Hail Lelouch!
We now see Sir Lelouch vi Britannia, the one and only 99th Emperor of the Holy Britannian Empire,
and also the CEO of the Order of the Black Knights and the SecondChairman of the Supreme Council of the United Federation of Nations.
Now behold.
The fools who opposed Sir Lelouch are being transported to the execution spot.
In the great war, we paid a great price with the loss of the Imperial Capital, Pendragon,
many soldiers, and Lord Kururugi Suzaku, the Knight of Zero.
Now that the EU has signed the charter of the United Federation of Nations,
our Sir Lelouch has finally achieved the great accomplishment of uniting the world.
May glory shine on Sir Lelouch!
All Hail Britannia!
All Hail Lelouch!
What glory?
He's just a dictator.
Killing all who oppose him...
Shh! If someone hears you...
They'd kill our entire family!
To think we have to broadcast this as the right thing...
Lelouch... Is this what you wanted to do?
Ruling over the world... over everyone...
You're such fools.
If only you hadn't opposed Lelouch back then...
It was for the sake of tomorrow.
Even if we repeat our successes and failures, we move forward.
People are just like science, aren't they?
That's evolution.
You mean progress, Pudding Earl.
That nickname...
You still have a grudge?
Well, I wonder.
Professor Lloyd and Rakshata...
Did something happen between them in the past?
It's trivial.
Thinking back on it, it's nothing.
Just a starting point.
Ōgi! 
If you go out now, you're just doing what he expects.
But...
What?
Zero?!
Zero!
Z-Zero...!
Impossible!
Lelouch's over there!
Don't tell me Lelouch was trying to...
Don't shoot!
I'll deal with him!
Go forth, masked knight...
You idiot!
Suzaku, you'll kill me like we agreed.
You're going to do it, no matter what?
Right now, the hate of the world is focused on me, just as planned.
Now I just have to disappear to break the chain of hatred.
The legend of Zero still remains in the Order of the Black Knights.
And Schneizel serves Zero.
With this, the world will be able to sit at one table through discussion and not military force.
We'll be able to face tomorrow.
That's...
Yeah.
...the Zero Requiem...
In the World of C, we learned...
...that people long for tomorrow.
Hey, Suzaku.
Don't wishes resemble Geass? 
Asking someone for something you can't achieve by yourself.
A wish, huh?
Yes.
I'm under the effect of a Geass called the people's wish.
For the sake of the world's future.
Lelouch...
As compensation for putting Geass on people...
Those who may shoot are only those who are prepared to get shot themselves.
Suzaku, you'll become a
Become the savior who freed the world from its enemy, the Emperor Lelouch vi Britannia...
Zero.
L-Lelouch...
This is punishment for you too...
You'll continue to wear the mask as the ally of justice.
You can't continue living as Kururugi Suzaku.
You'll give everything for the world, including your own happiness, for all time...
I accept that "Geass". 
Brother?
No way...
All this time you've...
Brother, I love you!
Yeah...
I'm...
...going to...
...destroy...
...the world...
...and recr-
Brother!
No!
Please open your eyes!
Brother!
Brother!
Lelouch, the villain, has died!
Release the hostages!
Not good, retreat!
Leave this place!
Don't tell me that's...
It's Zero.
That's... Zero!
It's not fair...
You were all I needed.
A future without you... That's...
Hey, Lelouch.
The world's gotten a lot better since then.
The energy that propelled wars is now being focused on starvation and poverty.
Most of the hatred and crimes were pushed onto you...
I suppose someone with a name was easier to grasp than a system called Damocles.
Sounds too good to be true, doesn't it?
But perhaps because of that, people are able to move forward without clinging to the past.
Perhaps you'd laugh and say it was just as planned.
Of course, many problems still remain...
But even so...
The Power of Kings, called Geass, will make people lonely.
I suppose that wasn't quite true.
Right, Lelouch?
OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
Three powers dominate the world.
Two of the three, the Holy Britannian Empire and the Chinese Federation,
are attempting to use a marriage of convenience to become one.
Right when the United States of Japan was facing its greatest crisis,
Zero took action and kidnapped the symbol of the Chinese Federation, the Tianzi. However...
Is it possible for dreams to sever fate?
For desire to overcome all?
Even though it is said that ephemeral flowers can only dance in the wind...
Xianglin, the attendees have evacuated the building as planned, but...
There are also reports of Zero having appeared.
Zero? Squad No. 3!
Give me a status report on the infiltration!
Squad No. 3! Is Xingke receiving backup?!
Don't tell me... Our own plan is being exploited by Zero?
Xingke!
Zero... Do you not have any intention of returning the Tianzi?
Xingke. Do you think you are able to give the Tianzi freedom?
Well, you're wrong.
You even had KnightMares prepared?
Who would've thought the Zangetsu's first sortie would be to assist in the kidnapping of a bride.
Tōdō. Deal with Schneizel.
Understood.
He's here already?
I won't let you have His Highness!
Suzaku-kun.
Could it be... Are you Tōdō-san?!
Your Highness, we should hurry.
It can't be helped.
Brother.
Schneizel...
We should leave this to the military and leave as well.
Zero, everything is going according to plan.
Good. Enter the third phase.
Understood.
Xingke!
All right. Now...!
The same system as the Guren?
It really is working.
Even if my opponent is Suzaku-kun, as long as I have this Zangetsu...
However...
How about this!
Too naïve!
Can you fire even if I position myself here?
The Zhu Jin Cheng...
No way...
Kururugi Suzaku! You will fall here!
Not so fast, Tōdō Kyōshirō!
Shadow Sword.
It's only the Floater!
He still had a weapon...?
Tōdō, pull back for now.
Destroying the Lancelot's Floater is more than enough.
He can't pursue us anymore.
Understood.
Tianzi, you're almost outside of the Zhu Jin Cheng.
Send out the Dragoon Squad! Save the Tianzi!
From here on...
...it's our responsibility.
Our radar surveillance network...
They're planning to escape while it's still down?
Impossible!
They couldn't have known!
It hasn't even been 10 days since the Japanese drifted here...
General Tōdō.
We'll begin refilling starting with Chiba's Akatsuki.
Understood. Do it after the Zangetsu and the Guren return to the Ikaruga.
I'll make arrangements, then.
All right, we need to take the next left.
Should we really?
Oops, that's wrong.
Damn you...!
Are you okay, Tianzi?
Are we outside?
Yes.
Who would've thought your dream would be fulfilled through such reckless means?
Ah! You remembered as well?!
Geez, you're too damn persistent.
Go away, will you?!
Okay, now to the right.
No. It's straight.
What, you know the way?
Kind of. A long time ago...
I'm thinking of our country, the United States of Japan, as part of an even greater alliance of nations.
The United States of China... For that, we need you.
We have already discussed this with the military section of the southern province, India.
It's likely that Mongolia and Burma will take action as well.
The alliance of nations will become an axis of opposition to Britannia.
But I'm pretty sure my country is a federation-
Every system has its lifespan.
Even the Chief Eunuchs tried to sell you to Britannia for their own protection.
It's not something that can be forgiven.
Umm... Complicated conversations aren't... I...
Tianzi.
Li Xingke.
Are you engaged to him?
It's not that...
We only made a promise...
To be his fiancée?
Ah, umm... I said I wanted to go outside, six years ago.
That long ago?
He must be your destined person!
I-Is that so...?
It's wonderful!
Is it okay to leave it to Kaguya?
She doesn't seem like the type to go by logic when she talks.
Not your forte?
Just hard to analyze...
Hey, Zero.
Haven't you decided on my position yet?
I'm not just a layman anymore.
How about Minister of Finance or Financial Secretary?
You're the Grand Minister of Entertainment.
I'm telling you to quit those jokes!
Hey, aren't we buddies?
Let's talk about that after we get through this.
What?! The bridge is gone!
This is Palace Guard Unit 4.
The target has currently stopped at Shengzhong.
Those fools...
As predicted, they fell for it...
Asahina!
Yes, yes...
All units, prepare for attack!
A-An ambush?!
Enemies to the left and right too! We're surrounded!
Fire! Hurry!
Wait! The Tianzi...!
All right, let's try the new model out.
The pursuit squad was wiped out, wasn't it?
How do you know?
It's the Shengzhong ravine.
If it were me, I'd hide soldiers there to hinder the army.
And then?
Most likely join up with the main forces at Xiaopei.
Xingke. We'll pardon your crimes...
...if you are able to bring the Tianzi back.
We shall lend you 
How is His Highness Odysseus?
He seems to have calmed down.
He's resting.
As soon as the Unit on the Lancelot has been replaced, I'm going after the Tianzi.
 For us to take further military action, we'll need to receive a request from the Chinese Federation.
Well, I understand that...
That went more smoothly than I expected.
This must also be thanks to Xingke and his men.
That man really is brilliant...
How did you know they were planning a coup d'état?
Because I was trying to do the same as well.
The ECM and the ambush too?
Yeah. However, along one of our assumed routes, someone got there ahead of us and tried to set us up.
I see.
So, those rebel troops... Did you use a truth serum or something?
One called Geass.
What's the status at Hōrai Island?
The reinforcements from India have already arrived.
All we have to do now is go back and join up with them, but what about the Tianzi...
An enemy attack?!
The frontmost KnightMare squad is being wiped out!
Stop! All units, halt!
This is strange...
It should have been another hour before we engaged enemy troops...
Is there someone who read our plan?
A-A KnightMare?
Zoom in! Quickly!
What's that?
Why is it equipped with the same air-gliding wings as us?
The KnightMare Frame Shenhu.
And this is only at 40% output...
Damn Chief Eunuchs, what kind of things...
Even though it's a Flight Type, it's only one enemy.
We'll surround it and engage it!
W-Wait!
You underestimate the Shenhu...
How dare you!
Those bereft of reason should not preach!
Can you hear me, Zero?
Don't tell me... It's Xingke?!
Zero! You shall not pass!
Like I said, I want to know why we've stopped-
Oh, I see. 
Yes. It's completely soundproof here. But...
Now, return the Tianzi.
I'll spare your lives if you do it now.
Xingke!
The Guren Flight Type?!
Kōzuki Kallen, huh?
But with the Shenhu...!
Is the Zangetsu ready?
We just removed the Unit...
Beat him up, Kallen!
She's being too reckless. It hasn't been refilled yet...
Don't worry!
That Guren fought head-to-head with Knights of Rounds!
Scatter!
Not bad...
But I'm the ace of the Order of the Black Knights!
Let's show them your power, Shenhu!
Not good. That's...
You know about it?
Um... Well...
It was my team that built it.
Lakshata's?
We were developing it at the same time as the Guren, but we set the specs too high.
It's a superior KnightMare that no pilot was able to use.
That's Shenhu.
Eat this!
I'll take it on!
It's all right. Don't worry, it's all right.
The Heaven-Astounding Overlord charged particle heavy cannon...
So this is how powerful it is.
It has the same firepower as the Radiation Wave?!
Then why has it fallen into the hands of the enemy?!
I guess India isn't as secure as we thought.
That old Maharaja...
Doesn't it have any weaknesses?!
The concept is different from the other series.
The only points are that it doesn't have a Radiation mechanism, and that there used to be no pilot for it.
No way...
Isn't someone using it right now?!
I know, right?
I got you! Now the victor is clear!
Right. It's your loss.
What?!
Now you can't run away any more.
Now I'll pound this straight into you!
I see. Then I have no choice.
I'll have to kill you.
If you can, that is!
The energy...!
Kallen!
That's why I told you to refill it!
It's wrapped around the Cockpit Block.
She won't be able to eject like that.
Let's cut the Shenhu's wire with a pincer attack.
Roger.
I don't want to do this, but I have a mission.
The Tianzi.
Return the Tian-
Why now...
Will I be able to react in time?
What?!
The Chinese Federation Army is approaching from the rear! It's a large division!
Continue the anti-air assault as well!
Provide backup for Xingke!
Is it Xianglin? Thanks.
No, wait a minute...
Ka-Kallen...
...got captured?
By the Chinese Federation Army?
She'll become a hostage? N-No way...
Kallen! Are the communications still up?!
So-Sorry, I messed up...
Never mind that!
Don't give up.
I will rescue you for sure. Got it?!
Don't try anything stupid!
O-Okay!
I know. I won't give up.
This-
Turn the Ikaruga around! Right now!
I propose a retreat.
Why?! We have to get Kallen back!
Kōzuki Kallen is just one soldier.
Are you telling us to abandon her?!
Minami, we have to make a decision.
The country called the Chinese Federation, or a single person's life.
It's not even comparable.
We should preserve our manpower and prepare to join up with the Indian Army.
Zero. Make your decision.
What you just said to Captain Kōzuki is more than enough.
Any more will be seen as favoritism and partiality, and the organization will crumble.
But...
Shouldn't you separate sympathy from your decisions?
A sacrifice is sometimes necessary to accomplish your ambitions.
That Lelouch...
Oh, you're from the Rounds...
Let's finish this!
All units, about turn!
Why?! For the sake of the organization...!
It's possible that the Indian Army has betrayed us.
That's...
Have Chiba and Asahina take the Crane Formation.
I'll teach Xingke... about the difference between strategy and tactics!
R-Right!
Thank you, Zero!
We're still on standby.
I see.
Hey Suzaku, did you know?
About Lady Alstreim's handheld photo album.
Is it all right?
Yes.
Oh, right. You were at the welcome party.
This is bad. No privacy at all...
Oh, it's Lelouch.
Lelouch?
What is he doing? He already has Shirley...
Right?
Oh, right.
About contacting the Ashford Academy, we're still in the process of confirming...
I see. That can't be helped.
I bet they're worried, Lelouch and the others.
Is this Lelouch too?
Order of the Black Knights. All units, prepare for battle!
The terrain is very even. We can't hope for a geographical advantage.
And besides, the enemy's army was hastily assembled.
They have to focus their system of command on Zero.
But their strength in KnightMare Frames is superior.
Meaning, the Chinese Federation Army's only option is...
...using the Shenhu at the front for a central...
...breakthrough!
I'll take care of the Shenhu with my Zangetsu!
Dragoon Squad No. 3!
We excel at ranged combat! Push forward while bombarding them!
The enemy's commander is being pinned down!
Akatsuki Squad, fire!
Even if Xingke can't move, we're holding Tōdō down.
Then the skills of the soldiers mean everything!
Suppress the division in front of the enemy ship.
Ignore their flanks!
 I guess we'll always be one step behind without Kōzuki...
They've broken through the center!
What's the enemy's position?
Still in front of us.
All right, the condition is cleared.
Commence counterattack!
Right flank, Chiba Squad.
Left flank, Asahina Squad.
Utilize Pattern Sigma.
Prepare to fire from behind. While unleashing a barrage on the enemy's main position, hit the advance squad!
If we can deplete the Shenhu's energy and pin down Xingke, it'll be our victory.
Advance! If we stop here, we'll be annihilated!
Give us back Kallen!
Charge!
Bring them into close-quarter combat!
Draw swords!
Reinforcements?!
Are you bringing everything out to crush us, Zero?!
This is madness!
Aren't we relying a bit too much on the Shenhu?
As things are, he's just being a reckless daredevil!
No. This was a strategy to see how Zero would move.
The true reason behind this positioning...
Xingke, your strategy was to let a canal burst?
Too bad I already decreased the amount of water.
You thought this little wouldn't be enough?
And thus, you lose.
Wh-What the?!
The ground...!
This couldn't be...?!
That's right. This is the land that was reclaimed for irrigation.
Even Zero did not know about the negligent construction work done here due to corruption.
That charge earlier was to move the enemy's main forces.
Xingke went ahead by himself so he could keep Zero in this area.
Don't tell me he read my actions?
That I would go for a showdown? That I would use this formation?!
Our country's land itself brings us victory.
Zero, you lose!
Xingke!
It's not over yet!
Not bad for the Miraculous Tōdō.
But the enemy's main force is still stuck here!
All squads, advance!
Yes, my Lord!
We'll take care of the enemy's KnightMare Squad later.
Concentrate bombardment on the enemy ship's engines!
The anti-physical barrier won't last forever!
Victory is ours!
I've been pulled into a scenario where we're being crushed one by one?
This is a disgrace...!
Zero, I did propose that we retreat!
Fine. Retreat while protecting our engines.
Even if we return to Hōrai Island...
I know.
Ōgi, what about that place?
R-Right.
We've finished scouting and surveying it.
I'll admit this, Xingke.
I should've taken you out first.
You're a schemer like me, and you're brave like Suzaku.
He's been gifted with both.
But he wasn't gifted with time.
Please last... Just a little longer!
The Diffusion Hadron Cannons on both sides of the ship have been set!
Gefjun Controller tuning OK.
Adjusting alignment... We're good!
All right. Aim at the flanks of the enemy army. Fire!
Impressive, Zero.
You still had something up your sleeve.
All Dragoon Squads, spread out. If you group up you'll be targeted!
Tōdō, take command of reorganization and relieving of the squads.
The Ikaruga will continue turning to draw the enemy in.
Proceed to the fourth predetermined area!
Looks like none of the stations are broadcasting news from the Chinese Federation.
All remaining KnightMares have been retrieved.
I see.
We're barricading ourselves into the Tiandi's 88th Mausoleum, huh?
It's the place where the past generations of Tianzis are venerated.
It will definitely be hard for the enemy to attack us here.
They can only attack from the front.
And then we just need to fire the ship's Hadron Cannons.
Although we can't fire repeatedly.
Guess we can only wait for the Indian Army now.
There's no way they'd come, is there?
So we're a single besieged ship without backup.
If that were all, there'd still be room for negotiations.
Who would've thought the Chief Eunuchs would pull such a move?
I believe you were told not to move.
We can't forgive those who have revolted against us.
Now's not the time for this...
Aren't we going to bring the Tianzi back?
This is good enough.
We have powerful reinforcements waiting.
What should we do? We didn't factor the Knights of Rounds into this.
Fools.
Bringing foreign military forces into the Chinese Federation...
They asked for backup from Britannia!
And that ship is the Avalon!
Are you aware of this, Chief Eunuchs?!
You're dealing with the man who conquered half of the EU.
The 2nd Prince, Schneizel!
The Chief Eunuchs are planning on eliminating not just us, but Xingke as well.
Diethard, make preparations for the plan.
Right here?
They're all here. It's the greatest stage.
I will emerge victorious. Even from this hopeless situation.
We've received a follow-up report. It's about the situation in the Chinese Federation.
Zero appeared, taking advantage of the coup d'état, and he seems to have kidnapped the Tianzi.
I see. So you're safe, President?
Yes. I'm with Suzaku and the others.
How's the news over there?
Right now the TV and radio are all about Zero.
Thank god, the President is alive!
In either case, Zero, the enemy of the Empire's citizens,
will most likely meet his end in the Chinese Federation, on the other side of the ocean.
They've done it. Now they've really gone and done it!
Now even if I use my Geass on the empress and make her my servant, it'll be meaningless!
Even Xing-ke is doomed to be eliminated by the High Eunuchs.
In the end, we've just ended up being cornered.
Even with Tōdō and the others here, Suzaku is bound to join the battle eventually.
The probability of victory is undoubtedly...
No, it's still too early to tell.
I'll turn this tactical battle at its foundation!
I cannot be defeated here!OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
Th-The Imperial Capital Pendragon was wiped out?!
Is it true? That's...
By the FLEIJA warhead, apparently.
The one that destroyed the Tōkyō Settlement?
Was it an accident?
But I've heard all the manufactured FLEIJA's have gone missing...
Stop jumping to conclusions!
Even if it's just a rumor, saying the Imperial Capital was wiped out is imprudent!
No...
It's most likely true.
What?
You're...
Contact... Sir Lelouch...
N-Nunnally...
You're... alive...?
Yes, thanks to Schneizel.
Schneizel?
Nunnally...
Do you understand what Schneizel has done?
Yes.
He launched FLEIJA at the Imperial Capital, Pendragon.
If you know that, why...?!
So you're saying that using Geass is more correct?
You both lied to me all this time.
Always keeping the truth from me.
But I found out.
Brother, you're Zero, right?
Why?
Was it... for my sake?
If so, then I...
For your sake?
Even though you're my sister, that's pretty arrogant of you.
Do you take people's pity for granted?
Never staining your own hands, just criticizing other people's actions.
You're the personification of the obsolete aristocracy I rejected.
No... way...
I'm not doing this for anyone.
I'm conquering the world for myself.
If you side with Schneizel and stand in my way, I won't show you any mercy.
I'll crush you.
Brother...!
Are you all right, Nunnally?
I'm sorry for making you go through this.
I thought he would give up after seeing the power of FLEIJA.
Schneizel... Are the people of Pendragon really all right?
Don't worry.
They were brought to a shelter beforehand.
Of course, the casualties aren't zero, but I believe I've kept them to a minimum.
But now you're going to use it on people... on my brother?
Only if they stand in the way of world peace.
Schneizel... Could you give me a trigger for FLEIJA ?
I can neither fight nor protect anything.
If nothing else, I want to carry the sins.
Brother.
Could I have a moment?
C.C.!
Why didn't you know about Nunnally?!
I'm not God.
My knowledge doesn't extend to people unrelated to Geass.
Schneizel, you bastard, did you hide the fact all this time?
To be able to use it effectively as one of your cards?!
If so, you shuffled the cards perfectly.
This is also... This is also...
Lelouch.
Our strategic objective doesn't change.
We can't stop just because Nunnally is alive.
What do you think the Zero Requiem is for?!
Remember your promise.
Suzaku.
I'm his sword.
I'll rid him of both his enemies and his weaknesses.
So, C.C., please become his shield.
Your duty is to protect.
How selfish.
Lelouch is your accomplice, isn't he?
Accomplice, huh...?
Compared to the FLEIJA used on the Tōkyō Settlement, the one used on Pendragon has an area of effect nearly 10 times larger.
If this isn't a new manufacture, then...
He removed the limiter...?
He did...
His Highness Schneizel... How could he remove the restriction on the area of effect and trigger time...?
What about it?
Th-Then, the residents of Pendragon...
They're gone.
Aren't they happier that way?
Rather than a life of sworn loyalty to Lelouch.
But you told Nunnally...
Lying is just another method.
Isn't it better to keep unnecessary information from her to make her stand up against Lelouch?
Is this how you manipulate people?
Cornelia...
What do people wish for?
Starvation and poverty...
Discrimination, corruption...
War and terrorism...
While hoping to rid the world of all its problems, people still hopelessly fail to get along.
Thus...
I understand your ideals, but involving civilians...
Even the civilians that reject war rely on the police, don't they?
We all know that crime can't be stopped.
That we can't reject people's desires.
Thus, we don't need a heart or principles.
Shouldn't we realize peace with a system and power?
In 10 days, Damocles will enter United States of China airspace and begin second stage acceleration.
Then we're set to ascend 300km off the ground.
And from that position, we'll launch FLEIJA on all countries that wage war.
Please wait!
Wasn't it supposed to take care of Lelouch?
With this, the entire world will...
Are you going to make people obey out of fear?!
Peace is just an illusion.
Fighting is part of mankind's history.
To make an illusion reality, don't you need a little disciplining?
Are you planning on disciplining all of mankind?
Only God would be allowed something like that!
Then I'll become God.
If people want peace from me, that is.
You're...
Fabulous!
I was right to go with you after all.
A perfect state of nothingness, an everchanging phantom surpassing even the chaos that was Zero!
Your Highness Schneizel, we have received word from the Order of the Black Knights.
They'll cooperate with us to deal with Lelouch.
Thank you.
The people who've experienced Lelouch's cruelty have no choice but to rely on something better, don't they?
Are you saying you ignored Lelouch's actions for that purpose?
It's the method with least casualties.
Even if one or two billion lives were lost, an everlasting peace will-
You're wrong!
An enforced peace isn't...
How very sad, Cornelia.
During the final battle for Tōkyō, Schneizel had another escape craft as a decoy...
So...
So it was the decoy that got destroyed by FLEIJA.
How could he use Nunnally to try and manipulate Sir Lelouch...?
Aren't you Japanese?
Why are you with Sir Lelouch instead of the Order of the Black Knights?
Do you, too, tread the Way of the Knight?
Perhaps I do.
You did a good job keeping your mask on in front of Nunnally.
Because no matter how many routes I searched, the answer was the same.
That our decision back then was correct.
Lelouch, isn't it enough now?
You've done well.
You know why I'm trying to extinguish evil, don't you?
And Damocles' rule treats people as symbols.
But Nunnally is in Damocles.
You've done everything up until now for Nunnally...
I can't give her special treatment anymore.
We can't stop, for the sake of all the lives that have disappeared.
Isn't that right, C.C.?
Yeah...
You're right, Lelouch...
Are you sure you want to fight together with us?
You'll make Britannia your enemy.
At this point...
At this point, I think I understand your feelings a little.
Umm...
You're welcome.
What's up with that?
Because the Holy Britannian Empire's Imperial Capital Pendragon was destroyed, their internal operations are frozen.
We, the Order of the Black Knights, are engaging the armies of every Area, so Britannia can't afford to make any wrong moves.
In other words, the only part of Lelouch's army that can fight us is the squad that retook Japan.
However, the power balance could shift at any time.
In order to keep casualties to a minimum, the time for the final battle has to be now.
Since Schneizel teamed up with us, the military strength on both sides is equal.
I don't have any plans of acknowledging Damocles since he used FLEIJA, but I'll prioritize the stabilization of the world for now.
This battle will...
This battle will be the final battle, with the world on stake!
If we defeat Schneizel and the Order of the Black Knights, all who stand in our way for world domination will be purged!
The world will be destroyed by Britannia's sole Emperor, Lelouch, and will be recreated after correction!
We're going to crush it all!
Our enemies, Schneizel, and the Aerial Fortress Damocles!
There's nothing to fear!
The future lies in my name!
All Hail Lelouch!
Lelouch is spreading his ill will throughout the entire world.
We must deal with this enemy of peace right here.
We must cast aside past differences, and join hands with the Order of the Black Knights.
The people throughout the world await our cry of victory!
And I pray that this be the last war for mankind.
Lelouch...
I'll make you both just a recording.
Is Anya all right?
Your Highness, you said her memories have been restored.
We need all the military power we can get.
That's why...
Oh, on the open channel.
How do you do, Schneizel?
Lelouch, now's your chance to surrender.
We have FLEIJA prepared.
FLEIJA? Can you really use that?
We have all the nation representatives on our flagship, the Avalon.
He's using the hostages as a shield?
How could he go that far...?
However, these people are unrelated to you, Schneizel.
That's true, Lelouch.
World peace, and a few lives...
Don't shoot, Schneizel!
I believe I heard that substitute representatives were selected for all nations.
I'm prepared to do what it takes.
But that doesn't mean we can just waste lives!
Li Xingke, our military power apart from Damocles is just Mordred.
If you want me to refrain from using FLEIJA, I'd like you to give me command of all forces.
We're up against Lelouch.
There's no need to worry.
You see, I haven't lost to Lelouch even once.
All right.
Bring out Shenhu.
Inform all units of the chain of command.
Affirmative.
Then let's play.
Very well.
Kannon, it played out just as you expected.
Yes.
Now the Order of the Black Knights is Your Highness' tool.
Order all units to take Pattern Sigma.
The enemy is trying to spread out their aerial forces.
He's coming at us with an ordinary strategy?
All right.
Extend the left flank.
Spread out using the Crescent Formation.
Yes, Your Majesty!
The enemy flagship appears weak.
Gino's squad, advance.
Stop the left flank from spreading.
Yes, Your Highness.
He's keeping me in check, huh...?
Have the left flank retreat.
That'll break our formation.
It's fine.
Gino, halt your advance.
Why? Now that their formation's broken...!
He's trying to lure you in.
We're not falling for that.
He's not taking the bait...
Change formation to the Big Dipper.
Squad 6 led by Anya, head northeast 40 degrees.
Bombing Squad, prepare for anti-air battle!
Anya, stay there.
Ascend 200 meters.
What the hell, this ain't no battle!
You're wrong.
A battle between masterminds is decided in an instant.
They're exchanging invisible blows.
We have to hurry...
The battle's already started!
We're being surrounded!
We're striking back!
Position Suzaku's Lancelot at the front!
Advance at Battle Speed 4.
Ward Squad, follow!
You never change, Lelouch.
You always liked offense better than defense.
Thus you leave a small opening.
Xingke?
You've already calculated our skill into this?
The enemy's left flank is advancing!
Don't hesitate!
Meet His Majesty's expectations!
If I defeat Lelouch, I can end everything!
If we can just break through here and make it a melee battle...!
They're breaking through...
We're being torn apart...
Should we have Suzaku return?
No, that's what Schneizel is after.
Have the front fall back!
Rebuild the formation!
The enemy fleet is retreating.
Don't let that machine get away!
After it!
Guren, you're in too deep.
Adjust your speed and encircle them!
I know.
But...!
Don't be impatient.
If we break the front squad, the Avalon will be isolated!
The Dreadnaught has been sunk!
We're being overwhelmed!
The Order of the Black Knights.
I didn't expect you to be such a troublesome opponent when I made you my enemy.
But my army's soldiers are...
For His Majesty the Emperor!
How pitiful.
Using soldiers controlled by Geass...
Thus...!
Now, perhaps?
Crush both their wings!
Warship Central Diffusion Hadron Cannon, set!
Squad 7, move out of firing range.
Gefjun Controller, synchronization complete.
Ready to fire!
Target both enemy flanks.
Fire!
Zero, if we bring our forces together, we can beat you!
Looks like Lelouch underestimated the Order of the Black Knights.
Lelouch!
Yes.
Quite impressive, making me use this plan.
Damn!
Energy reaction!
It's from below!
What?!
Don't tell me, he timed this...!
All units, erect an anti-radiation barrier!
Zero...
I was the first one to acknowledge Zero... to acknowledge Lelouch.
Thus, this is my responsibility.
But I don't want to get new lives involved.
I know this is a selfish request.
But I want you to remain on Hōrai Island. 
Ōgi-san, please respond! 
Minami-san!
Lakshata-san!
N-No way...
He used the underground resource, Sakuradite...?
Now Lelouch's ground troops will be annihilated.
How careless!
It was one of Lelouch's basic strategies, but to think sacrificing his allies was a prerequisite...
With this, we've limited the enemy's military power.
Now we just have to...
...destroy Damocles.
I'm sorry, but you're the ones in check.
Nunnally, the target has been set.
Now that the Order of the Black Knights has collapsed, the power of FLEIJA would...
Y-Yes.
I will rid my brother... of his sin!
FLEIJA incoming!
He finally used it?
Special Equipment Division 3!
Yes, Your Majesty!
It's no use.
After FLEIJA has been fired from Damocles, it's already in critical condition.
The Avalon will continue retreating.
All squads, charge at Damocles and make him keep firing FLEIJA.
Make him run out of rounds.
Ōgi! Ōgi! 
Ōgi-san! 
Stop pretending to be dead!
D-Don't tell me, you two shielded us...
But we only managed to protect the bridge.
Well, you'll have to take care of yourself now.
Let's go, Kallen!
How come you're so cocky?
Taking the remaining FLEIJA rounds into account, we're at a disadvantage by one move now that I've used the Fuji plan.
Then I can only rely on Nina, but can I count on her?
She should hate me.
Me, who used to be Zero... Her revenge for Euphy...
But in order to defeat Schneizel...
Lelouch, if you think you can defeat me, that's as far as you go.
There's no victory for one who can't keep his mask on.
Suzaku and I.
If we team up, there's nothing we can't do.
Or so I thought, but now...
The fearsomeness of Schneizel.
The truth is, it's his lack of personal desires.
What sort of strategy will come from a man who knows about Geass,
possesses FLEIJA, and is determined to achieve his goal?
Is strategy useless against a battlefield dominated by FLEIJA?
My last gamble... That card is...!
And it lies within Schneizel's own heart.OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
The world moves in accordance with the miracle Zero created.
The world is reborn in accordance with Zero's actions.
Yes, the world is now about to advance towards the next stage.
Together, with a surge of desires and emotions, Zero must move forward.
In order to keep the hands of time from stopping.
The Emperor...
...has gone missing?!
Yes.
I just received word from His Excellency Prime Minister Schneizel.
For the time being, please keep this among the people gathered here.
It appears that even in the Empire's motherland, only a select few people have been informed.
What happened?!
We're still investigating...
Please wait.
What should we do about the war preparations against the Chinese Federation?
We can't move a finger unless His Majesty the Emperor declares war.
There's the question of public order too.
We need to decide on a course of action in case the Numbers find out about this.
That's...
You are the Governor-General, Lady Nunnally.
Ms. Rohmeier.
Are you trying to force responsibility onto her?
No, that wasn't my...
Should I be happy about this?
If His Majesty isn't here, that means Nunnally's life will be spared...
All right...
Britannia's activity indicates that the Emperor is missing.
It looks like he 
What he said bothers me, but I guess I should be happy about Nunnally's safety for now.
Umm... What should I do...?
Let's see.
Wear your clothes inside out and sing while dancing on one foot.
Yes, Master.
Stop, it was a joke!
I'm sorry!
Please don't do anything cruel...
She has completely returned to being the slave girl she was before she got involved with Geass.
Don't worry.
I won't be mean to you.
I promise.
Really.
Sir Lelouch.
Jeremiah? What is it?
I see.
Put her in the cockpit of a Sutherland.
Please forgive me, Sir Lelouch.
Your orders were to exterminate them, but I cannot act against the Britannian Royal Family.
It's fine.
Or rather, you did well.
Lelouch... What do you seek with that cursed power?
Sister, all I want to do is to save my younger sister.
What are you saying...?
Kinoshita.
Asahina...
Those are traces of blood, aren't they?
What was Zero's operation about?
That's...
We can't tell you.
Zero's orders.
It's not just you.
The mission was kept a secret even from General Tōdō.
Pretty cocky for a newcomer, aren't you?
Your individual value in the Order of the Black Knights is decided by how much Zero trusts you.
That's different from my own values.
I'm sorry!
What did you say?!
There are some things that you just don't do!
And now you're trying to put an end to it by pretending to be nice?!
I won't be satisfied so easily!
Don't you dare look cheaply upon Kōzuki Kallen!
It really pisses me off how you won't fight back.
Now kill me.
I'm prepared for it, as a captive who laid hands on a Knight of Rounds.
No way.
It was me who was wrong.
I really...
hate you!
That's right.
With the ratification of the United States Charter,
a large alliance of states on par with the Holy Britannian Empire will be born.
Its name is the United Federation of Nations!
That's wonderful, Zero-sama!
The exiled governments of the Areas colonized by Britannia are also indicating their interest in participating.
With this, we've gained the righteous cause of a war of liberation.
A war for justice, huh...?
If we can secure a victory in the upcoming battle for the recovery of Japan,
the currently undecided forces on the sidelines will come to our side en masse.
Yes.
But for that to happen, we need to form the United Federation of Nations before Britannia takes action.
Time will decide the outcome.
I'm sure you gentlemen representing your countries have things to say,
but for now, I request your cooperation from a bigger-picture perspective.
It's all to settle the direction that this world will take!
Hello everybody!
I'm sorry!
I'm the up-and-coming one-woman-party, Milly Ashford!
Don't say that yourself.
Now, the topics for today!
Suddenly, the streets in front of the station have turned into a zoo!
Currently, animal sculptures are taking people by surprise at the Ikebukuro station.
I brought you something to eat.
It's me.
This is called pizza.
You're hungry, aren't you?
I thought I'd give you one, so I had Sugiyama order one.
You don't remember, do you?
Come on, go ahead...
It's okay, eat up.
Okay!
Is it good?
Yes!
Extremely!
I see.
That's good.
President... Do you really have no idea how to create a character?
Oh, right...
You don't know what this is either.
Is something making you worry?
All I do is worry.
I thought I had decided eight years ago how I would live.
How can you believe in yourself from eight years ago?
Are you trying to tell me past decisions are foolish?
People's memories are vague.
They're not worth believing in.
That's not true.
They're worthless.
I have a diary that I wrote nine years ago.
But I have no memories of it.
There are many others too.
Where my memories and the recorded data don't match.
Don't tell me it's... His Majesty the Emperor's Geass?
Why would he use it on Anya?
That's not everything.
Even now, there are times when my memories don't match.
When we were fighting at the Chinese Federation, suddenly...
Say, Lord Kururugi the traitor, what is it that everybody needs?
It's life.
I haven't seen you since the Belarus front line, Lord Bradley.
The Knight of Ten...
Looks like warming up the ladies is still your forte, huh?
That Genocide Princess, too...
If you say anything more, I will challenge you to a duel on which I will stake my honor.
Have you forgotten?
I'm a master of killing people,
you mere promoted Number who understands nothing of lineage.
It's Galahad!
Don't get your opponent wrong, you two!
The Knight of One...
Why is even Lord Waldtstein here?
A foolish question, Anya.
If the Order of the Black Knights were to invade somewhere, it would be this Area.
Luciano.
I've brought the Valkyrie Squad for that purpose.
I've prepared the Gareths for that as well.
Show us your grandstand play on the battlefield.
Now's the time for us to join forces under His Highness Schneizel's command.
All right, I got it. If you say so.
I see, Lelouch did that...
He's so stubborn.
But he's actually very kind.
My brother was like that too.
I'd heard the talk, but I never imagined the Order of the Black Knights' ace was a young lady like this.
I don't believe I've given you permission to come here, Lord Bradley.
I apologize for my rudeness.
I see, so you're the Vampire of Britannia.
Yeah.
If this were a battlefield, I would've sucked your blood too. It's too bad, really.
So?
Am I being sent to the motherland, perhaps?
Nope.
You're staying here for a while as a hostage.
What is it that hostages need?
It's life.
No matter what happens to their body, as long as they're alive...
Have you no pride, Lord Bradley?
Making an unarmed woman your opponent...
How naïve of the young master who has only his family name to show.
Are the Knights of Rounds really so shallow as to accept someone solely on the basis of his family name?
Mounting FLEIJA on Lancelot?
We were planning to have you use the Guren, Suzaku, but...
Eh? I would?
Sorry, I got carried away with Lloyd, and before I knew it I was lost in the world of my interest...
Interest...
Since it's Lakshata's machine, it's really easy to twiddle with.
And thus it became something nobody could pilot.
Congratulations! The stage is set for the Devicer.
Umm, Professor Lloyd, about the Lancelot...
You want to mount a strategic weapon on a tactical weapon?
There's good reason for it.
All material within primary suppression range will be completely vaporized by FLEIJA's collapse effect.
Wait!
You're planning on having Suzaku fire something like that?!
Genocide against one's own people...
Suzaku, do you still feel a sense of kinship with the Elevens?
I want to entrust FLEIJA to you.
You want me to... bear it?
You're Lady Euphemia's Knight, aren't you?
Nina, this contradiction isn't just Suzaku's.
It might kill you.
Yes. We've finished preparations for the worldwide broadcast.
Sir Xingke and General Tōdō are in the lobby.
Yes.
Understood.
I'll join you at the meeting grounds after I've seen the representatives for India and Guinea.
Don't go outside.
O-Okay...
And, umm...
What?
Please take care.
I'll be back.
R-Regarding the content of the United States Charter,
t-the representative of the Supreme Council, Lady Sumeragi Kaguya, will give an explanation.
What should we do? Do you want to...?
No! This is nothing...
You can do it.
You're the Tianzi.
See? Aren't you happy you followed Zero?
Yeah...
By the way, where's C.C.?
Apparently, she still isn't feeling well.
Oh? Maybe she's expecting?
Tamaki, you've had too much to drink...
Celebration drinks!
I don't know about a man using make-up...
It's a grand event. 
Umm... Once this war is over, I...
T-There's something I would like to tell you, Tōdō Kyōshirō.
Oh, you're finally here.
This isn't the time to be late.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Ōgi, you really know how to oversleep.
He escaped...
I'm sorry I'm late.
The truth is...
Let us hurry.
Today's a day that will go down in history after all.
We're live from above Hōrai Island.
The Ratification Ceremony for the United States Charter is just about to begin!
Basically, through the ratification of the United States Charter,
a very large alliance of states rivalling our nation will be born.
They will have great national power since a part of the fragmented EU is also joining.
The countries that have seceded from the EU are Poland, Italy...
I'm sure Suzaku knows, but why can't I get a hold of Lelouch or Rolo?
It was the Order of the Black Knights that persuaded the representatives of each country.
Which means the leader of the alliance is Zero.
In other words, the possibility of it becoming an enemy to Britannia is high.
Currently, the military is deploying mainly to Kyūshū, China and Hokuriku...
To everybody who is watching the broadcast,
the 47 countries have all just completed the ratification of the United States Charter.
Next...
Lord Guilford, the preparations for the parade are complete.
Okay, I'm heading over there now.
What? If it's about the parade...
Lord Guilford.
O-Orange...
The allied states plan... as we expected.
But they lack cooperation between the armies raised by each country.
They're just disorganized mobs.
No, there is one way.
...the obligations stemming from this Charter take priority.
And lastly, United States Charter, paragraph 17.
"States that have ratified the United States Charter must forever resign their right to independent military power."
Resign their military powers?!
Are they mad?
In addition, an agreement with the armed organization,
the Order of the Black Knights, which is not affiliated with any state, will guarantee the safety of all United States.
Agreement accepted.
We, the Order of the Black Knights, will accept funds and manpower from the United Federation of Nations.
In return, we will become the shield of all the United States, and the sword to suppress any foreign enemy.
He did it after all, huh...?
Allowing each country military force only leads to instability.
Only by decision of the Supreme Council will military force be exercised by the United Federation of Nations.
And now, the first motion from me.
Our territory, the United States of Japan, is being destroyed by a foreign country and continues to be unjustly occupied.
We request the dispatch of the Order of the Black Knights.
Those in favor, please rise.
The majority is in favor.
Thus, as the United Federation of Nations' first resolution,
we request of the Order of the Black Knights the liberation of Japan.
Very well.
The United Federation of Nations' first resolution...
The deployment objective is... Japan!
We'll take our Japan back...!
And Kallen too...
Yeah, that's right.
Zero.
What?!
We're being hacked?!
We've been interrupted on 14 routes!
H-His Majesty the Emperor...
...has returned.
You'll take part in their theater of falsehood, Father?
Use the spare line!
Kill the connection!
It's no use.
The spare is being suppressed too.
Zero.
You thought you had outsmarted me?
Impossible... He's still alive?
But it's not too bad.
Of the three powers, the EU is already beyond hope.
In other words, the charter you so cunningly created
separates the world into those who are Britannian, and those who aren't.
It's simple, and thus understandable.
That means the side that finally wins the war, wins the world.
Very well, Zero. Come and take me on.
Will you gain everything, or lose it all?
That is the very essence of war.
All Hail Britannia!
All Hail Britannia!
Long Live Japan!
Long live...
...Japan!
All Hail Britannia!
Long Live Japan!
Long Live Japan!
The Emperor is still alive!
U-Umm... Welcome back.
This isn't good.
I have to save Nunnally right now.
Right now!
I could use the Cornelia card here...
No, he's not the type that a hostage would have any effect on.
I could use Jeremiah and Rolo to...
No, I can't.
Geass doesn't work on him.
Should I announce to the world that Zero is Lelouch?
But if the leader is a prince of the enemy country, the Order of the Black Knights would collapse.
If there's no country that would take us in, then it's pointless even if I save Nunnally.
What should I do?!
H-Here, I saved some for you, Master.
It seems like you didn't eat breakfast yet.
Umm, here-
Shut up!
Hey.
I'm sorry!
I'll clean it up right now!
That's not what I meant!
You're bleeding.
I'm fine.
This is nothing compared to what I usually receive.
Usually...?
But it helps when I'm cold.
It stings and burns.
When I'm cold, my hands and feet go numb, and it's hard to work...
So I'm fine.
Hurting on the outside is better than hurting on the inside...
Master, are you cold?
Yeah, maybe I am.
What did you use to do when you were hurting on the inside?
I...
Friends...
If only I had had some friends...
Unlike parents and siblings, you can always make friends later...
But I never had such allies...
Allies...
Umm, that's what I heard, is it wrong?
No, it's not wrong.
That's what friends are.
Yes.
Suzaku?
Lelouch.
Yeah.
Umm... You've seen the news, right?
Yes.
Area 11 is about to become a battlefield again.
Do you think the Tōkyō Settlement is in danger too?
That's up to you to decide, isn't it?
Lelouch... Are you Zero?
That's right.
I am Zero.
What business does an enemy of Britannia have with me?
Please, save Nunnally.
The Emperor is holding Nunnally hostage to keep me at bay.
That's why I had no choice but to act from the shadows.
I'm begging you, Suzaku.
You're the only one I can rely on.
You think I'll accept your request?!
I don't.
But you're the only one I have.
How selfish...
I know!
But you're the only one... The only one...
Please!
Protect...
Protect Nunnally, please.
All right.
But on one condition.
If you want me to protect Nunnally, come by yourself to Area 11, where Nunnally is.
The place will be the Kururugi Shrine.
Let's meet, just the two of us.
If it's going to come to this, maybe I should've prioritized rescuing Nunnally by force.
But as long as Nunnally won't come to me by her own will,
I can't help but treat her as a hostage.
So long as so many people hate Britannia,
I can't stop the malice that will be directed at Nunnally.
It would have been too dangerous.
That's right, believe. I can only believe in Suzaku now.
Suzaku, I'll...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
You do not lie when you make a vow in your heart.
The vow Lelouch Lamperouge made was to avenge his mother...
and to create a world where his sister Nunnally could live happily.
To that end, he obtained the power of Geass.
To that end, he became Zero and did the things he did.
At the very least, that was the truth as it appeared to Lelouch at the time.
Brother, your promise...
Yes. I'll keep it.
You're going to participate in the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon?
Even if you do, your sins won't be forgiven.
Suzaku.
I know. Let's pull back.
It appears the Order of the Black Knights is disappearing into the ocean again.
Should the Vincents follow them?
That's not necessary.
We're breaking off the search for C.C. for now.
Please, Rolo...
If you get caught, I too will be...
Participating in the Specially Administrated Zone... What's he thinking?
Who knows?
Ōgi...
If Zero's decision isn't for the sake of us Japanese...
Tōdō-san...
Zero, umm...
Zero-sama!
Making your new wife wait like this...!
Kaguya-sama.
Seeing your ever cheerful self puts me at ease.
And you continue to surprise people, as always.
Participating in the Special Zone of Nippon...
R-Right.
What's the meaning of that?
Like I said, he plans to destroy Britannia by pretending to accept their proposal. 
By fighting...
And fighting...
What will that lead to?
Wait! You aren't telling us to get along with them, are you?!
Or is there some way we can accomplish this without fighting...?
Are you planning on changing Britannia from within?
We stood up for the sake of independence...!
Tōdō! 
What does it mean to be Japanese?
What should we do about the Special Zone of Nippon?
You always have doubts, don't you? 
Another Genocide Princess, huh...?
But Zero told us to participate...
Forced labor... 
I finally became an Honorary Britannian instead of an Eleven too...
I know. Who'd want to return to being Japanese?
I'm telling you, only unemployed people will go.
It appears the participants of the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon haven't shown up yet.
There has been no further word from Zero.
Government officials believe he's having trouble changing the opinions of those within the Order of the Black Knights... 
Please follow our agenda this time. 
As the Governor-General, I...
A Governor-General is not a Queen.
A Governor-General only represents His Majesty the Emperor while governing an Area.
We need to be very careful with handling the Special Zone of Nippon this time,
so please discuss everything with me beforehand.
Absence from school?
Yes. I'm about to get very busy...
The Special Zone of Nippon, huh...?
Eh? What about our garden project?
I'm sorry.
I'll be back once the first phase is complete.
Hey, Suzaku.
About Kallen...
Can't you help her somehow?
Hey, there's something known as a plea bargain, right?
How about that?
Apart from world peace, aren't family and friends important too?
Can't you talk to the Governor-General?
Like I did on the phone the other day.
Huh?! You've spoken to her, Lelou?!
With the young princess?!
Ah, well...
On the night of the welcome party, I was mistaken for someone else.
It was very confusing.
You fail. 
Lelouch... Have you really lost your memory?
Or...
If it has returned, I want you to answer this.
Why did you kill Euphy?
I thought you'd pick another way...
Kururugi Suzaku, you twisted thief!
Prepare yourself!
Live!
Lord Kururugi!
Are you injured?
You told me to live using Geass, when at the bottom of my heart, I was seeking death as a punishment...
Yes.
I thought that would be the case, so I've already sent over Shinozaki Sayoko.
I see.
Well done, Diethard.
You're indeed brilliant.
Quite excellent.
An unsurpassed genius.
Thank you very much.
You flatter me.
Should further arrangements continue as planned?
That's right.
Our tactics have changed, but the strategy remains the same.
I'm counting on you.
You haven't forgotten your promise, have you?
No.
I'll protect this academy, your rightful place and our everyday life.
But I don't approve of Britannia's fake rule.
I'll help you because I have something I want to protect.
And if you were exposed, this academy would disappear.
Yes.
And then we have V.V. 
Yes. I'd be exposed as a traitor.
And then it would be over for me too.
We share the same fate, you and I...
I'm sorry.
The Swimming Club took longer than expected...
How can I help you, Zero?
Oh please, Ms. Villetta.
You'll blow my cover like that.
What did you want, Lelouch?
Do you want to see Ōgi? 
Confirming Alphabet Phenomenon on the Fifth. 
Countdown. 20, 19...
We're back, Nina.
Canon.
Ah, long time no see.
Your Highness Schneizel!
When did you get back from the EU?
Just now.
We signed a peace treaty with France.
But if you were to keep pushing forward...
Defeat looms even after numerous victories.
Everyone searches for hope.
Winning means trampling on that.
Enemies and allies are the same.
Because we're all searching for something...
What?
You're Suzaku's...
It looks like he likes you, Anya.
Japanese clothes?
Yes. I always wear this while training.
Do you miss Japan?
I wonder...
I did have some good memories.
Lord Kururugi, this is where you've been?
What is it?
I need you to sign here.
It's the order for the execution of the Eleven who attacked you, Lord Kururugi.
His punishment will be carried out with the approval of a Rounds.
I'm continuing the experiment.
I won't waste the helping hand you gave me, Your Highness.
That time...
During the Black Rebellion...
Why...?
Cecile!
Yes!
Stop it, Dr. Lloyd! 
Nina!
Even you, Milly?!
Let me kill Zero!
To avenge Lady Euphemia!
Everything since that first prototype has been a failure,
but if you wait just a little while longer...
You took action for Euphy's sake.
Her name was written into history in an unfortunate manner,
but I want to believe in her.
Cornelia, Nunnally, Canon and Suzaku are the same.
And you believe in Euphy.
Because of you, I am able to believe.
Thank you very much.
Umm... Lord Kururugi...
I'm a Rounds too.
Yes, that will be fine.
Well then.
Suzaku.
Are you a... masochist? 
Huh?
You volunteered for Area 11 even though you knew you're hated here.
The Numbers' hero.
The man who betrayed Japan.
Zero's enemy.
This is the defendant's seat.
Jealousy and hatred will kill you.
I don't care if nobody understands me.
Because, long ago, one person already did.
Besides, I've always been a sinner.
Hey, you two.
The long-awaited communication is about to begin.
With Zero.
Umm... Should I really be here?
You wanted to see Zero, didn't you?
But...
I'm sorry.
Everyone else is busy with the preparations for the Zone...
You're right. This won't be broadcast publicly anyway.
Still, what's with that outfit?
S-Sorry!
I'll mind myself.
Looks like we're being connected.
Well, well.
Three of the Knights of Rounds.
But I don't see the Governor-General.
This is administrator-level business.
Say, there's something I wanted to ask you.
Are you the same as the previous Zero?
Or...
Zero's authenticity isn't based on what's inside of his mask, but on his actions.
Ah, such philosophy.
Have you unified the opinions of the Order of the Black Knights?
Since you claimed you're going to participate in the Specially Administrated Zone...
We're preparing to mobilize a million people.
A million?!
You're telling the truth, right?
But there's one condition.
I want you to let me go free.
But I'm sure you have conditions as well.
You dispose of Zero through exile. How does that sound?
What about the Order of the Black Knights?!
I guess he's planning on getting rid of them.
Protecting only himself.
You'll be lynched if this is leaked to your organization.
That's why I'm talking to you in private, so I won't be killed.
Boring.
Area Special Law, Paragraph 12, Clause No. 8.
If we apply that law, then it's possible to exile him with the Governor-General's authority.
Ms. Rohmeier, are you telling me to let Zero go?!
I only stated the legal interpretation.
How about it?
You can announce it at the ceremony.
For you, this should be...
It certainly doesn't sound bad.
If the leader runs away, the terrorist Elevens will scatter.
But...
Letting a criminal go...
After conferring with the other administrators,
we came to the conclusion that exiling Zero is the appropriate thing to do.
I suppose so.
Since I myself can't forgive all sins...
Here, take this.
Is it written properly?
Euphy's name.
Euphy.
We're carrying on your will.
For a peaceful and kind world...
Umm... Is something wrong?
No...
It looks like there's someone besides us who also grieves over Euphy's death.
I see...
Besides us...
I'm glad.
Are you done?
Yes.
This chapter is over.
I have no attachments to this place.
But that same Zero is about to betray the Elevens.
Won't that cause a revolt?
If that happens, a purge is justified, or so they say.
Oh, but we're not allowed to make the first move.
Yes, My Lord.
No way...
It's Chigusa?
Ōgi Kaname...
Are you really here? 
Sorry.
You came all the way to pick me up...
Don't mention it.
More importantly...
I'm just a representative.
I'm going back once the new Ambassador is decided.
Besides, this is an opportunity.
But, the Order of the Black Knights is...
Yesterday's move is preparation for the future. 
That...
Xingke, you're...
Don't worry about me.
I only need to last a little while longer.
People of Japan, welcome to the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon.
I'm very happy that so many of you have gathered here.
Please lend me your strength to create a new history.
Lord Guilford, in your condition...
The Specially Administrated Zone was Lady Euphemia's greatest hope.
But Zero has yet to show himself...
He has a thing for self-protection.
If his safety is guaranteed, he will show up.
Before we begin the ceremony, we will inform you of the matters we discussed with Zero.
Those who participate in the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon as subjects of the Empire
will receive amnesty for their most severe crimes,
and those with crimes of less than class three will have their execution orders rescinded.
However, it is hard to forgive he who orchestrated the murder of the previous Governor-General, Carares.
In accordance with Area Special Law, Paragraph 12, Clause No. 8,
Zero, and only Zero, will be exiled.
Only Zero?
Does that mean...
...he's running away all by himself?
Thank you, gentlemen of Britannia!
I am very grateful for this generous measure.
He's arrived, hasn't he?!
Now, what's going to happen?
Ms. Rohmeier said this would be an opportunity to take out the anomalies if it turned into a revolt, but...
Show yourself, Zero!
We'll send you safely into exile!
I don't need your help.
More importantly, there's something I want to ask you, Kururugi Suzaku.
What does it mean to be Japanese?
To be a nation?
What?
Is it the language?
The location?
To be related by blood?
No, it's...
...your heart!
That's what I believe, as well.
Self-awareness, principles and pride.
In other words, as long as you have a heart shaped by the culture,
no matter where you live, you're Japanese!
What does that have to do with you running away by yourself...?
Zero...
So this is how it turns out after all...
What happened?
Governor-General...
It can't be helped...
All units, make preparations for suppression.
Yes, My Lord.
Wait!
They haven't done anything yet!
This could very well be one of Zero's plans.
Even so, unless Zero himself comes out...
Oh... You were here from the start?
Zero is...
The situation has changed drastically!
It's Zero!
Zero has definitely appeared.
But...
He had an ace in the hole?!
He turned the overwhelming difference in military strength against us, and is going to... 
Listen up, all Zeros!
This is an order from Nunnally, the new Governor-General.
Let us hastily accept exile!
What?!
No matter where we are, as long as we have the heart, we're Japanese!
Now, aim for our new land!
All Zeros, let's head for our new land!
Let's all be exiled!
Because we're Zero!
That's right! We're Zero!
Exile!
Let's go, Zero!
Looks like they're trying to escape while abiding by the law.
Both the revolt and our plan backfired... 
Don't panic!
They have no means of transporting a million...
We have a report from the port authority. 
The port...?
It couldn't be...!
The Iceberg ship requested by the Chinese Federation?!
Because the one who made the request disappeared before the ceremony started, it took time to get confirmation...
No way...
We're getting on that?
But it's ice!
Won't it melt?
It'll be fine.
You see, that ship has a custom-made insulating polymer that is keeping the ice in place with Super Berthier Film.
Focus on Zero!
Find the real Zero!
B-But...
Finding the real one is...
This is...
What's going to happen?
Who knows?
Zero's not an idol, but a symbol...
No, he's made himself more of a trademark...
Take your masks off, Elevens!
Stupid Britannian woman! 
Don't shoot!
We didn't come here to fight.
Don't tell me... Ōgi? 
Ah, no...
I'm Zero.
What's happening?
We're in the middle of confirming that. Ms. Rohmeier stayed behind.
Are you telling me to leave it to her?
It'll be fine.
Suzaku is there too.
Lord Kururugi.
If we're going to lose an entire million in manpower, we might as well set an example...
Please wait!
Zero!
Order everyone to take their masks off!
At this rate, a lot of people are going to die again!
Suzaku.
That's pointless, since nobody knows his identity...
Kururugi Suzaku!
This is a revolt!
Give us the order to attack!
No.
We're using this method to avoid fighting...
What should we do, Suzaku?
You're the one in charge.
Would letting Zero go mean forgiving him?
You, along with an entire million...
If the Order of the Black Knights were to disappear, Area 11 will become peaceful.
Nunnally's hands won't have to be stained.
But this is a cowardly cheap shot!
Give the order.
Let Zero go.
I'll give the order...
to shoot Zero.
To shoot him...
Die, Zero!
I suppose so.
Since I myself can't forgive all sins...
Yes, that's right.
Both Euphy and Nunnally were going to forgive him.
The enemy is Zero!
Exile Zero!
If we break our word, other people will lose their faith in us too!
People?
You mean Elevens?
Just because you're originally a Number...
Being a Number has nothing to do with it.
Besides, why do you want to keep someone who doesn't agree with the nation's policies?
Do you realize that this group of a million people has scorned Britannia?
Isn't it appropriate to exile such anomalies?
But...!
Promise me, Zero!
That you will save them!
Of course.
Kururugi Suzaku.
Will you save them as well?
The Japanese who remain in Area 11.
I became a soldier for that purpose.
All right.
I'll trust you on that promise.
Did you hear that, all Zeros?!
Lord Kururugi has declared it.
The anomalies will be exiled.
Now there's nothing stopping us.
So let's head for our land of freedom!
Let's hurry.
This is our chance.
F-Farewell, Britannian...
Damn...
All of these anomalies...
Xingke.
It appears the matter regarding Area 11 went well.
I see.
Maybe Zero thinks it's time for us to take the stage?
I guess no one is thanking Suzaku for saving these people.
I'm sure he understands that much, anyway...
This plan was based on me not giving the order to fire.
Zero knows me well.
Because he is my worst enemy, I know him well.
And he came to his decision because he understands Nunnally.
Therefore I thank you now, Kururugi Suzaku.
And don't forget your promise...
No matter how I spread the avatar of Zero, there is still only one Zero.
That's right. Zero is... I am... A terrorist. One who even killed Euphy.
And so, Nunnally, that's why you can't simply forgive my crimes.
I have to call forth a miracle to counterbalance the sins I've committed.
That's why, Suzaku. Why I've turned towards tomorrow.
Even your becoming a Knight of the Round changes nothing!
I do this to battle your strength as well!OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
Tomorrow still exists.
A tomorrow where Lelouch Lamperouge can see his dreams come true.
Its foundation is within the Geass that he alone received from the mysterious girl, C.C.
The ability to give an order to anyone. A power that enforces absolute obedience.
He decides to destroy the Holy Britannian Empire using his Geass.
Everything to avenge his mother and to create a world where his sister, Nunnally, can live happily.
His pledge to the world begins from Japan, now referred to as Area 11.
A child?
Yes.
I can't remember how many I've killed.
No one counts how many times they've brushed their teeth or eaten.
It's the same for me.
My Geass is suited for assassination.
Or so I was told.
So I've been killing.
There was no other place for me.
An infiltration operation... To act as a brother?
Can I really do it?
I don't know what it's like to have parents or family.
No. If that's the order...
My brother is Lelouch Lamperouge.
Your Geass can stop time?
I don't have to answer that.
My orders were to kill Lelouch Lamperouge if his memories returned.
If Zero was resurrected.
16, 17, 18...
Those numbers are?
19...
I've been keeping track of time since you appeared.
And now that number is off.
Why do you think that is?
You'll become a pawn to search for Nunnally.
Rolo, you didn't stop time itself.
Just the time that affects me.
Even if you've figured that out, you can't win against me.
That's right. Nobody can live in the same time as me.
Rolo, you're right.
The reason you're not killing me right away is because you know this, right?
At this rate, you won't be able to achieve either of the two...
Two?
The first is C.C., who you've been searching for by turning me into bait.
If you let me go, I'll string along C.C. for you.
You're going to sell C.C. out?
She doesn't compare to my life after all.
And the other thing?
Your life.
My life, huh...?
Rolo, what is a future?
A future is having hope.
Is there hope beyond your mission?
What kind of future opens up if you capture C.C.?
It'll be the same. Nothing changes.
But it's my mission.
If you kill me, you can't complete your mission.
Don't you want to capture C.C.?
I'll string C.C. along for you tomorrow.
Then you'll be able to grab ahold of your new future.
It's all right, I won't lie.
Not to you.
This reminds me of that time in Aomori.
This is much better considering how we're all wearing clothes.
Zero used Geass on the ambassador, didn't he?
Then why...?
Who knows.
But if they take this place, we'll be separated from Lelouch... again.
I didn't expect you to come alone.
I believe the ambassador from the Chinese Federation approved of the United States of Japan.
He's going to be disposed of.
Or will the Order of the Black Knights choose the path of destruction?
Wait! That's too sudden-
Fine.
Pretend the ambassador fought with us and died.
C.C.!
Looks like Zero pulled a trigger unknowingly.
Is this grand ambition, or just petty desire?
I've bought time for as long as Rolo will wait, at least.
Will he overlook my memories if I give him C.C.?
But what is his motive?
It doesn't seem to be loyalty towards Britannia, or wanting to work his way up in the world.
In that case, should I explore another possibility...?
It's a dangerous card to play, but it could be worth it.
I don't have time to hesitate, because tomorrow Tōdō and the others will be executed.
What should I do?
Rolo knows about my Geass.
Even if I somehow manage to kill him, the Information Department will know my memories have returned.
If that happens, Nunnally will...
I guess until I rescue Nunnally, I can only continue pretending to be a student.
Thankfully, the connection between Guilford and the Information Department seems weak.
I can tell because the KnightMare I've hidden hasn't been discovered yet.
But that's all.
What should I do?
I need a way to save the Order of the Black Knights and get rid of Rolo...
I can't accept that!
Wasn't it that brat who killed Bruno?
That's five people...
Victor just touched his locket...
Victor was a problem from the start.
But not reason enough to kill him, right?
Not only has someone claiming to be Zero appeared, but we need to pull our act together.
I can't be part of a team with a reaper who kills his own comrades.
Team? What's important is the mission, isn't it?
Comrades are just...
Hey, is the Zero who resurrected really that Zero?
Who knows.
Either way, I bet he's planning on abandoning us again.
What was the reason for the explosion at the embassy?
There hasn't been a press release yet...
All we've heard is that they approve of the execution.
The execution is just for show.
It's a method very unfitting for us.
I wonder if Zero will appear.
If he doesn't, that's fine too.
If this Zero can't bring about miracles, he won't gain the support of the people.
You thought this out that far?
But I want...
No, I'm praying for him to appear.
For the sake of our lost Princess, who's out there somewhere...
Why did you approve of the United States of Japan?
You acted on your own, without confirming with the Imperial Palace.
This can't be forgiven even though you're a Chief Eunuch.
Even if you somehow expect to use Zero...
We must not use Zero!
Zero is pure bliss!
What of the Tian Zi's opinion?
Zero is much greater than that little girl!
Zero will definitely bring me happiness!
You traitor!
The crimson sky has already set.
It's no use...
Whether it's killing, manipulating information or acting in disguise,
Rolo will block it.
I need to confirm this information somehow before the executions begin...
The execution of the terrorists known as the Order of the Black Knights, who brought disorder to Area 11, is about to take place.
Will Zero appear for the execution of his men?
Zero-sama... Please...
General Tōdō!
Don't kill them!
Zero betrayed us.
There's no way he's coming to save us.
He's coming for sure!
If he's alive and it really is him, then he's coming to cause a miracle!
A miracle, huh...?
Don't fail to keep watch.
It's unlikely, but C.C. could make an appearance.
Ōgi Kaname... This is the end.
Come out, Zero.
I'll avenge my father, Andreas Darlton...
There's a top secret mission from the main unit.
We are to talk face to face to avoid having our communications intercepted.
I'll be borrowing your identity.
How am I supposed to interpret this?
Feel free to act if Zero appears.
You'll turn a blind eye if we were to fire at Britannia?
I don't think it's a bad deal.
I asked if you were a military officer, but apparently you're a politician too.
Lord Kimmel, how's the prototype Frame?
There may be some weird quirks left behind since the Information Department used it.
It's an important Frame. Report immediately if you detect any anomalies.
This is Kimmel. There are no problems with the Vincent.
I'm good to go.
Lelouch... If you don't keep your promise, I'll kill you...
Lord Guilford...
Now, it's finally time for the execution.
The judgement of justice will be brought on the remnants of the Order of the Black Knights.
Zero-sama!
Please!
Bring us a miracle!
Elevens!
The Zero you believed in did not appear.
He has deceived you.
He ran from the fair duel I requested.
Get ready.
No!
Everyone...
Don't move! If you do, you'll be killed too.
I know!
But...
It's all right.
We did well.
That's not correct.
You're wrong, Guilford.
He came! But...
 We can't do anything.
What is he planning to do all alone?
I see... You went around from behind, Zero!
Guilford! The people you're about to execute aren't terrorists.
They're soldiers of the army, the Order of the Black Knights, from our United States.
You want me to acknowledge them as prisoners of war, in accordance with international law?
Zero!
You came, after all.
But if you break our promise, I'll kill you, Zero...
No, Lelouch Lamperouge.
It's Zero! Zero has appeared.
How foolish of him.
Zero came?
Why...?
Is he the real one?
Of course he is! Zero!
Well, they did announce the execution...
But any details other than that...
No, but...
He's alone.
Zero is alone.
Since he's riding in a KnightMare Frame, his objective probably isn't to give himself up.
But if he's planning on fighting alone...
See, just like I told you.
Then let's proceed according to the plan from last year.
If he can overcome this pinch, that is.
Sayoko. Start with the preparations for the future.
The Britannian army is...
Where is Lelouch?
He's with Rolo.
They've been at the Spiral Theater since 30 minutes ago.
Long time no see, Lord Guilford.
How about coming out and talking about the old days?
Thanks for the invitation, but I'll pass.
I'd like to make up for the past with this KnightMare.
If he doesn't come out, he won't be able to use his Geass.
That's just like you.
Then let's decide the rules.
Rules?
The rules for the duel.
This should be settled one on one.
Fine. The others won't interfere.
Only one weapon each.
Very well.
This will be my weapon!
Then I'll borrow that shield over there.
What? That's...
This'll do.
A shield for suppressing mobs won't...
Don't tell me he's planning to...
...commit suicide?
I'm disappointed, Zero.
What should we do?
We owe them for allowing us to take out the parasitic Chief Eunuch.
But it isn't a pledge of everlasting peace.
If Zero proves incapable, we'll have to use the Order of the Black Knights as a diplomatic tool.
Let me ask you, Lord Guilford.
What will you do when there's an evil that can't be beaten with justice?
Will you beat evil with evil, or will you accept that your justice succumbs to evil?
Either way, evil will remain.
A paradox. Playing with words, huh?
My justice is with the Princess!
I see.
I would become evil and defeat the even bigger evil!
Yes, Your Highness.
This is...?!
A-An earthquake?!
No, this strategy is...
...the same as during the Black Rebellion?!
Infantry Unit No. 12, head to the structure control room at level 4!
Zero's men have...
Kallen! Lead the charge!
Okay!
Armored Freedom Fighters Unit, follow me!
Rescuing Ōgi and the others is top priority!
Alpha 4 to Alpha 1, please respond!
Alpha 1! Alpha 1!
Damn it! Someone...
How cowardly!
How is this one on one?!
Wh-What?!
Bart!
Hear me, Order of the Black Knights! The enemy has fallen into our territory!
Annihilate the Britannian army and save your fellow countrymen!
Fellow countrymen...
He turned the infrastructure of the settlement against them?
Hurry! Release everyone before Britannia recovers!
They'll get away into the Chinese Federation...
Our prime objective is C.C.
Leave this to Guilford.
Damn terrorists!
Britannia! This is Japanese territory now!
Japan doesn't exist!
Oh really?
This is why Britannia is so...!
This is goodbye, Ace of Elevens!
She blocked it? At this range?
This is the Radiation Wave.
My victory was decided when you came inside my reach.
See ya.
How dare you do that to Alfred...!
Don't shoot! We're on Chinese Federation ground.
But...!
They have cameras set up!
Th-The Vincent!
The Vincent broke through!
I can't move! Get away!
Has he come? Has he really come? Rolo!
So you're running after all.
What about the promise of offering me C.C.?
Lelouch, you were lying to me from the start...!
I can't... I can't get caught yet!
After all your talk of giving me a future...
I can't die here!
As long as I complete my mission, it'll lead to my future!
Crap!
I can't stop physical objects.
It's heading straight for me!
I don't want to die here-
Stop it, David!
If you hit the embassy, we'll provoke war with the Chinese Federation!
I know.
Wh-Why?
Why did you cover for me?
Because you're my brother.
Even if the memories were implanted, the time I spent with you wasn't a lie.
Everything up until now wasn't a lie...?
Because you're my brother.
His brother? Really...?
That day, when I hadn't experienced a birthday before, for the first time...
That too...?
Even though he said his own life was more important...
For such a ridiculous reason, he...
Because I promised you a new future.
Your future is with me...
Zero. Let's put an end to the past with this attack!
With this fierce blow!
What? What is the meaning of this, Lord Kimmel?!
Uh, no, I...
Don't tell me... you're with Zero?!
No... If Lelouch dies, my mission will...
No, but... What am I doing?!
Yes.
Rolo, this is bad. It's Ms. Villetta.
I'm connecting you through Open IM.
Rolo? Where did you go?
Umm...
Oh please, Ms. Villetta. At least let him go to the restroom by himself.
So, what were you saying just now?
We were talking about the embassy, right?
Yeah, there seems to be a lot of confusion.
Oh no... If they find out what I've been doing, I'll be removed from the Information Department.
That person, too...
I know.
I won't pull my brother into any more dangerous stuff.
Of course.
A world where murderers exist isn't fitting for Rolo.
That's enough, gentlemen of Britannia.
Any further action will be deemed intervention by military force.
Pull back!
Hey!
Thank god! Ōgi-san!
Thank you, Kallen.
Tōdō-san and the others too... I'm so happy.
Sorry, I caused you a lot of trouble.
You must've worked hard.
The same goes for you...
Hey, what's with that KnightMare?
Who knows? That machine was an enemy, but I don't know about the current pilot...
He protected Zero.
He's not an enemy, at least.
Even though C.C. is here... I'm...
There was never any peace of mind in Britannia.
This is where you belong.
He's done for.
No wonder, since you left material like this behind in the command room.
His Geass isn't his only good point.
This guy's password turned out to be quite useful.
And besides...
Pattern Delta.
That's right.
When Zero's machine takes that path, shoot the KnightMare pursuing him in the back.
Then, if Zero manages to escape, completely destroy that KnightMare.
If he doesn't escape, remain in stand by.
Yeah, I got it.
You stole Nunnally's rightful place, you fake bastard.
I'll make good use of you, then throw you away like a piece of trash.
What of Rolo Lamperouge?
To have ever thought of him as a brother is a humiliation that makes me tremble.
It's a shame, but if he'd remained loyal to his duty to the O.S.I.,
he would have been killed right then and there and I'd be rid of him.
Still, you'll make a useful pawn, so I'll let you remain at my side.
But don't forget that you're just a fake Nunnally.
Until the day I can use you best on the chessboard comes,
I'll keep playing this game of being your brother for now.OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
In accordance with the United Federation of Nations' first resolution,
the Order of the Black Knights accepted the request to liberate Japan and began invading Area 11, a colony of the Holy Britannian Empire.
On the coast of Kyūshū, making a stand against the Knight of One, Bismarck Waldstein,
was the Commander in Chief, Li Xingke, leading the main force.
Using that as a distraction, a split group of the Order of the Black Knights headed towards the Tōkyō Settlement and instigated an infiltration.
However, the fact that Schneizel's army, which was lying in wait, had the weapon of mass destruction, FLEIJA,
was known neither to Zero nor to the Order of the Black Knights.
To the Order of the Black Knights, Ikaruga squad.
Due to the Gefjun Disturbers,
the Tōkyō Settlement's life-line, communications, and KnightMares from generation five and earlier have ceased functioning.
The enemy's military power has been cut in half.
Destroy all major facilities and undermine the Tōkyō Settlement's ability to retaliate!
This will be our challenge until the main force, led by Schneizel, arrives.
Create a line of defense and isolate Britannia's government office!
If we suppress Governor-General Nunnally, our army will be victorious!
Governor-General Nunnally! Zero has... Zero has appeared.
Zero...
Zero's come for me?!
What a great expression.
So this is your true self, huh.
But, I'm sorry.
I can't let your wish come true.
As long as I and Tristan exist.
First, we should destroy the ring of Gejfun Disturbers and...
Do you think we can send out Lancelot?
I believe you should ask Lord Kururugi's pride instead.
I'm surprised to hear that kind of talk on the battlefield.
Nina! You can't!
But at this rate the Tōkyō Settlement will be in Zero's... 
Like we said, you're not a devicer, but a scientist!
If I use the FCC, getting to the government office should be 
Do you have the right mindset to be able to use FLEIJA?
That isn't everything.
You'll also need the mindset to be able to 
Tōdō!
Take Asahina and Chiba and gain air supremacy over the government office!
Understood!
Now, the only remaining problems are the enemy's sixth generation and above KnightMares but...
Rolo!
What's the current situation on your infiltration?
Sayoko's team already went ahead.
We're going to meet up soon.
Good.
Make sure to secure Nunnally.
So you 
Only I can make Lelouch... no, Zero repent.
Can you hear me? Zero.
Halt all combat!
I'm equipped with a heavy warfare-class warhead.
If I use it, it will cause over four million liters of destruction, so before it comes to that...
Like I would believe anything you say.
Jeremiah!
Yes, your Majesty!
You're Lord Jeremiah?!
Why?!
Kururugi Suzaku. I owe you a favor, I have my feelings, and I have my inferiority complex.
However, in this situation...
My loyalty reigns!
Siegfred's...?!
Take this! My storm of loyalty!
No matter what circumstances you're in, right now I can't... 
The Sutherland Seig is very battle worthy, isn't it?
But hmm...
Huh?
It uses the Seigfried's system and a one-off machine...
Not really suited for mass production...
Also, I'd like someone to tell me why Jeremiah is now our ally.
Even the man known as the "Spear of the Empire" switched sides...
What's going on...
Why am I treating the Britannian army as an enemy...
Guilford, aid Jeremiah and attack Kururugi Suzaku.
But Princess! Kururugi is...
There isn't time to explain!
It's an emergency.
Can't you believe in me and fight?
Lord Jeremiah! Even if you wanted to stop this battle...
So are you saying that you can?!
That you can erase my suffering?
There's no reason to involve everyone else!
Lord Guilford too?!
Kururugi. We both have our different masters!
Don't hate me for this!
Suzaku! Use FLEIJA!
If you use it now, then Zero...!
Sorry Nina, I won't use this.
But...
...Zero...
Good. Just as planned, if we get rid of Suzaku here, all obstacles to reclaiming Nunnally should be...
In the Knight of Round's arena, there's no such thing as defeat!
Gino, sorry.
At times like these you should be honest and rejoice!
Lord Jeremiah?
So the suspicions about Orange really are true.
Orange?
That is my name of loyalty.
This fighting ability... That damn Schneizel...
Did he predict the real battle was in Tōkyō?
That's right. It will be a while before I can meet up with you.
Ok, I got it.
We've cleared up to the 13th floor already.
Don't worry.
I'll definitely find Nunnally.
I'm counting on you Rolo.
As long as I can retreive Nunnally, Rolo, I no longer have any use for you.
Leave it to me brother, I will definitely find Nunnally...
...and kill her.
I'm the only other person in my brother's family.
Sir Rolo.
Squad #2, who went to the hangers, sent an emergency call.
Our third priority has been found.
No! For only me to escape...
This is an order from the His Excellency the Prime Minister.
Brother Schneizel's?
The other's can't escape while leaving you behind.
Compared to this Gareth...
Don't be afraid!
We have to gain air supremacy!
We won't let you have the government office!
Oh no! Tōdō-san...
You saved me, Asahina!
You've still got something to do, right?
M-More importantly, what are we going to do?
According to Zero's orders, until they capture Governor-General Nunnally, we're not to attack the government office, but...
Zero, huh...
Everyone...
Everyone's fighting but... 
Guard it at all costs!
At least we, the Glaston Knights, must show our lasting loyalty...
Now that Lord Guilford has gone insane, Her Highness Princess Cornelia's reputation will...!
Please answer me, Zero!
If you yourself were the reason for the beginning of this war, what would you do?!
Don't be so vain. You're the man who betrayed your parent and Japan.
Therefore, you can even betray friendship.
It's just that simple...
Damnit.
Anya?
Please wait!
Suzaku, leave Zero to Anya.
Is your shield on top, or is my Stark Hadron on top... 
T-This is... Even if it's the absolute defense...
We've lost connection with Shinkirō!
What about Zero?
He's in the middle of combat with the Knight of Six!
What about the orders for the Hashimoto Squad?
There's also the preparations for Kujuukuri...
Uh, umm...
Let me handle communcations with Hashimoto!
Sugiyama, what squads can move out and support zero?
Well, only Tamaki...
Yes. Governor-General Nunnally is currently at the escape vehicle.
However, as long as the Gefjun Disturbers aren't taken care of...
Yes, there's a chance that she may become a target for the enemy if she was in a KnightMare...
Yes, without fail.
What about Kōzuki Kallen's execution?
Lord Georg will.
Are you sure?
What about Governor-General Nunnally?
It's for the Governor-Generals's sake.
A half-hearted assertion...
Sayoko-san!
I'm happy that you're safe.
Sir Rolo will retreive Miss Nunnally.
We've come to bestow Miss Kallen with a present.
Also, I believe Milly's ex-fiance was the mastermind, so...
There was also something that looked like an outline for a users manual...
How is it?
It's a bit... different.
We can't stretch out the front line any longer.
We must be nearing our limit!
The disturbers in the Ikebukuro slum have been completely destroyed.
With that, the fifth generation and below KnightMares can participate on the front line.
The government office defense system is back up, and...
In terms of military strength, this has been overturned.
The lights are...!
We're out of time?!
Kinoshita! The Governor-General still hasn't been found?!
I've only heard about Captain Kōzuki from the infiltration team...
Kinoshita!
Hey! Are you okay?!
Please return to the battle...
I'm no longer...
What the hell?!
He's not anywhere, 
Where's my best bud, Zero, fighting at?!
Just a little bit more...
Again... Something's...
Mordred is...
Zero...
Looks like the Black Rebellion was fated to end in failure, huh?
Let me teach you...
What's important to you?
It's life!
So the main system is still the same?
We're currently searching for Sir Zero's location.
Should I transfer over the I.F.F.?
Yes, please.
Umm... I wonder if the Guren SEITEN ... Eight is good enough... 
Activation confirmation please!
Activation confirmed.
After the Guren launches, we will return to our original plan so...
I'll leave the Governor-General stuff up to you.
I'll go help Zero...
Yes.
Well then.
Guren!
SEITEN Eight Elements, launch!
Launching!
What the... Something just...
M-My deepest apologies... Father!
David!
Was that Kōzuki?
But that machine is...
At this rate...
A KnightMare Frame that can't do anything but defend...
Valkyrie Squad, you'd better not let go.
Yes, my Lord!
This is bad. The energy lost while dealing with Mordred is...
Zero, can you hear me? Zero!
What happened to my backup?!
Tamaki-san will soon...
But more importantly, there's an enemy shadow over the Pacific Ocean!
And what about it?
Zero, it's me.
The identity of the enemy seems to be the flagship of the Britannian Emperor.
What?!
He's coming to Area 11?!
No, the Emperor won't come to the battlefield.
What makes you say that?
Do you think that reality, or rather "today", is something that's important to him?
Let go of Zero!
You're going to have to deal with Zero's best bud, Shinichirō Tamaki-sama...
Shit!
Why is it always me?!
Good, now I can...
I was waiting for you Zero!
The second you attack is the second you don't have your shield up.
Now I'll scatter what you hold most dear!
I-In this position there's... 
Nunnally!
Huh? Did something get us?
Kewell!
Thanks for yesterday, Mr. Vampire of Britannia.
Kallen...?
Zero's Personal Squad Captain, Kōzuki Kallen, has revived and come back to the front lines!
Thief! My... My...
That's wrong.
I was the one who modified it, so...
Yes, it's just as you say...
Wait, why're we talking about that?!
If there was a devicer who could successfully master and use it... Even at 60% output...
The Pudding Earl. Are those Cecile's energy wings?!
They selfishly modified my Guren...!
But Kallen has come back now and...
Our strength went up!
Lord Bradley.
We've gotten permission to destroy the Guren.
Doesn't matter.  If it's on the battlefield, then kill it.
Oh Eleven.
Do you know the truth of the battlefield?
Normally, if you kill someone it becomes a crime, but on the battlefield, you can become a hero based on how many people you kill.
Really?
So Mr. Vampire of Britannia wants to become a
No, I'm saying... Doesn't it feel great to be able to take what people hold dear, their lives, in public?
You know, you're pretty damn vulgar!
Now...!
How about this?
That won't work.
No, now you've been cornered right in front of me.
W-What?!
A question, what do you hold dear?
Only your own life?
Are you trying to threaten me, you damn Eleven?!
Later.
You're taking my life away?!
T-This damn monkey...!
Nice job, Kallen!
Now return to the government office and save Nunnally...
I won't let you!
Kururugi Suzaku!
Kallen! Move!
I won't move, Suzaku!
She blocked the Hadron Blaster?
So Kallen, you picked Kōzuki over Stadtfeld, huh?
That's right.
So Gino, should you be happy that we met on the battlefield?
Or should you be sad?
How about, "I should enjoy it"?
Suzaku, leave a bit of Kallen for me.
You heard him, Suzaku.
Sorry Gino...
She doesn't seem to be the kind of enemy I can be flexible with.
Tōdō's squad is directly assaulting the enemy!
No way... this Gareth is..!
Put up a shield around the Force Area!
We're only after Schneizel's head.
We're going to perform a full squad missile strike!
Tōdō-san, I'm sending you Sub-Captain Kinoshita's testimonial data.
Why now?
If you listen to it, you'll understand!
As expected, Zero can't be trusted!
I'm going to enter the government office now and capture Rolo.
Explosion detected in the 4th containment room of the ship!
Could it be... Chigusa...?
Even if you try to get into close combat..!
Suzaku! Your enemy isn't Kallen!
It's Zero, isn't it?!
The escape route is towards Ikebukuro.
Due to the one in a million chance of being hit, we'll launch after the Order of the black Knights have been cleared off the route.
Sir Zero! We've found the Governor-General!
Really? Good job!
After Sir Rolo has hijacked a KnightMare, he'll escort us.
Got it! Now all the conditions for victory are aligned.
Kallen! Take Suzaku out in one go!
If you do that, all the obstacles will dissapear!
Got it!
Run for it, Lord Kururugi!
The current Lancelot won't...
But, Zero is..!
This...
STUBBORN!
I-It's way too different...
The machine potential is...
Your Highness! At this rate, not only Lord Bradley, but Lord Kururugi will also...!
Use it, Suzaku!
FLEIJA can...
I can't.
This is, ultimately a feint.
If I use it...
I can't win...
Later, Suzaku.
Miss Nunnally!
Kill Suzaku!
Use FLEIJA!
It'll save you...!
But, it's a last resort...
Even if I'm to die here...
That's right.  This is atonement.
I can only accept it...
Here...
I will...
Live!
I-I will... Live!
This is... FLEIJA?
Pull back! Have the entire army retreat!
Why is the Britannian army retreating?
Have our forces pull back too!
Asahina, are you listening?
Leave the government office! Asahina!
Something's wrong!
Ikaruga, retreat at the fastest speed possible!
You in that Sutherland! What are you doing?!
It's FLEIJA!
FLEIJA?
Could it be? Is that was Suzaku was talking about..?
Nunnally!
Tōdō-san, I have...
Why was FLEIJA get used here...?!
Princess! Please escape!
Princess!
Princess! Please live on!
Live...
Rolo.
Yes, Brother...
Could you let me speak to Nunnally please...
W-Well...
I couldn't contact Sayoko...
Um... Brother... I couldn't make it in time...
Nunnally was inside of that light...
I'm not asking about that.
I just want to speak with Nunnally.
But...
Nunnally is dead!
She's dead, Brother!
You liar!
Hey Rolo...
Just for a little bit...
Please... Let me speak with Nunnally...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
Lelouch, The 99th Emperor of Britannia who recently succeeded to the throne, ordered the destruction of the Royal Mausoleum.
He also abolished the aristocratic system, dissolved the financial conglomerates and liberated the Numbers. 
Odysseus, as one of the first ex-aristocrats, appears to be supporting the new Emperor's actions.
But Britannia...
He really is awesome!
Is he planning on remaking Britannia completely...?
Don't you mean destroying?
Lelouch's hatred for Britannia was real?
He's crushing all powers that oppose him.
The majority opinion in the United Federation of Nations is to support Emperor Lelouch.
So he was our ally after all.
He has been reported as an ally of the people... And of justice too.
Speaking of reports, where's Diethard?
He's not planning on coming back, is he?
Right.
We know he's hiding with Schneizel and Cornelia...
More importantly, what are we going to do from now on?
"From now on"?
Well, the Emperor of Britannia is doing something good now.
That's...
No, that's incorrect.
He's right.
Emperor Lelouch's...
No, Zero's goal is...
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you.
Become my slaves!
Yes, Your Majesty!
All Hail Lelouch!
Your Majesty the Emperor, won't you give me a chance to analyze that power?
Do you want to die, Lloyd?
Oh, scary, scary, scary!
Seriously...
Jeremiah Gottwald has just returned from the annihilation of ex-Earl Rosenkreuz.
Well done.
I'm not very popular, am I?
Considering aristocrats everywhere are revolting...
If you take away their rights, of course they'll put up resistance.
That's why I need to make them aware...
Of how foolish and miserable it is to rely on pedigree and reputation from the past.
Was this for the best?
Was it?
Well, His Highness Schneizel and Her Highness Princess Cornelia went off somewhere.
This 
That's true...
And if they found out what Suzaku and the others are trying to do...
Did we become mere parts of the machinery before we knew it? 
By the way, did you know?
What?
His Majesty the Emperor went to the same school as Suzaku.
The same as Milly's and Nina's?
I'll be back in the evening.
Coverage?
A meeting.
Whether to support the Emperor... support Lelouch or not?
That too, but...
Area 11... no, I mean Japan...
This isn't Britannia anymore, so we're discussing if we should return to the motherland.
But...
Yeah.
I'm not an aristocrat anymore.
Lelouch is...
Stop!
Would you let go of that topic for now?
So hungry...
Nina.
Sorry, Rivalz.
Don't worry about it.
Don't go outside.
You'll be safe within the Academy.
Thanks...
I never thought that creating FLEIJA would get me hunted by several countries...
Immediately after his ascension, Emperor Lelouch left his name in history.
Since he shattered the Britannian culture...
This is just the beginning.
I'll be spilling a lot of blood.
To such a degree that the name of the Genocide Princess fades and vanishes from peoples' memories.
Lelouch, you're...
Not just Euphy... Nunnally too.
I lost them.
I've lost too much.
But to face tomorrow, I must first conquer the world.
I can't help laughing when I say that.
But you two are going to do it, aren't you?
Yeah.
For the Zero Requiem...
Yes, Your Majesty.
So, are you going to do something about that concern, Your Majesty?
Yes.
That's why I acquired Britannia.
Are Schneizel's plans real?
Yeah.
I've received certain information.
There's also the fact that the Toromo Institute in Cambodia has estranged itself from Britannia. 
When you add these things up, there's one thing that becomes clear.
I have to advance my plans to the next stage before Schneizel makes his move-
What is it?
Your Majesty!
The Knights of Rounds are...!
They're heading for us lead by the Knight of One.
We've been able to identify four of the Rounds' machines.
But the squad they're leading...
We swore our allegiance to His Majesty Charles.
We won't acknowledge your taking over of the throne.
An interception squad?
But it's just one machine...
With this Lancelot Albion...
I can't keep up...
Don't tell me... He got me?!
Albion, huh?
So this is the 9th generation of KnightMare Frames...
Kururugi Suzaku!
Open your eyes, Suzaku!
You can still go back!
Go back?
It's the opposite, Gino.
If you swear allegiance to Britannia, you should become my ally.
Or are you planning on waving the flag of revolt against Britannia? 
Against Britannia...?
Kururugi Suzaku!
I heard that your goal is to become the Knight of One.
However...
I am the only Knight of One! 
I have no reason to hand it over to someone like you!
I am the Knight of Zero, who surpasses even the Knight of One.
A name with no pride...!
We're interrupting this program to show a broadcast from the Holy Britannian Empire.
That's... Lancelot!
The Energy Wing...!
He's up against Bismarck.
How is he predicting Lancelot's movements...?
My Geass lets me see the future.
And again...!
Who would've thought I'd have use for this power against someone other than Lady Marianne?
He's reading my actions.
But...!
Suzaku.
As planned, we're broadcasting this footage to the entire world.
Right.
I can't afford to lose, for the sake of the Zero Requiem!
Thus, you will live!
Yes, Your Majesty!
The title of "Strongest Knight of the Empire" stays with me!
Wh-What?
What is this?
An ability of his machine?
Or is it Kururugi's...?
Suzaku.
It's not superior willpower.
You're taking advantage of the Geass I placed on you to live.
You really are something special.
If you're reading my actions... How about this?!
Straight ahead!
You underestimate me.
Lady Marianne...
Th-The Knight of One was defeated...
Am I... Britannian?
Or...?
What should I be fighting for?!
To the entire world!
Lelouch!
With this footage, I believe I've made it clear that I am the ruler of Britannia in both name and reality.
In addition, we, the Holy Britannian Empire, express our desire to participate in the United Federation of Nations.
Does that mean...?
Britannia is becoming our ally?
Look at that!
He's our ally after all!
We will abide by all the rules of the United Federation of Nations.
However,
I'll allow myself to appoint Ashford Academy in Japan, which has become a neutral zone to both Britannia and the United Federation of Nations,
as the stage for negotiations.
Brother, did something happen?
Someone who didn't agree with our ways escaped.
We have to proceed quickly with Damocles.
Is that really all we have?
The world will choose.
Lelouch, is bringing only me and a few SP's really sufficient?
Our standpoint is to request something of them.
To allow us to participate in the democracy.
Everyone likes democracy, right?
This is Ashford Academy, as specified by the Emperor of Britannia, His Majesty Lelouch.
Today, a meeting regarding the Britannian Empire's membership to the United Federation of Nations...
It's the Emperor of Britannia's personal craft!
Lelouch, are you really...?
Oh, excuse me!
His Majesty Lelouch has just landed inside Ashford Academy.
That's the Emperor of Justice, Sir Lelouch!
Your Majesty the Emperor!
Lelouch!
Tell me, Lelouch!
Why have you been deceiving me all this- 
H-Hey!
You lack respect for His Majesty the Emperor!
Let me go!
But... But he's my friend!
He's... Lelouch is...!
You...!
E-Excuse me!
We'll get out of the way immediately!
Rivalz, let's go.
Lelouch, why...?
Pleased to meet you.
You're Captain Kōzuki Kallen with the Order of the Black Knights, correct? 
Yes.
I'll guide you.
Could we take a slight detour?
I'm a little nervous.
I feel like taking a walk.
I understand.
Is Zero... Is Lelouch planning something here?
Impossible.
The entire Information Department system was halted.
Every police officer is wearing goggles.
Our Geass countermeasures are in place.
Kōzuki has asked us to shoot her if we believe her to be under the effect of Geass. 
Aren't you worrying too much?
He's come here to become our ally.
How nostalgic.
I'm... grateful to you.
If it wasn't for you, we would've died at the Shinjuku Ghetto.
The Order of the Black Knights wouldn't have existed.
I was happy.
I was honored and proud to be needed by Zero.
But when I found out that Zero is Lelouch, I got confused.
Yet looking at you fighting Britannia...
What is it you're after now, having teamed up with Suzaku?
Do you just want power?
Is status your desire?
Or is this just a game too?
Ōgi-san told me to protect you during the Black Rebellion. 
He told me that you were the person who would carry on my brother's dream.
Lelouch, what do you think of me?
Why did you tell me "live on" that time on the Ikaruga?!
Farewell, Lelouch.
The meeting of the Supreme Council will be held in the gym.
Farewell, Kallen...
Chairman of the Supreme Council of the United Federation of Nations, Lady Sumeragi Kaguya.
I am requesting approval of the Britannian Empire's membership of the United Federation of Nations.
Zero-sama...
Are you aware that you need the approval of more than two-thirds of the nation representatives?
Of course.
That's what democracy is all about.
That's right.
Isn't this a bit rude?
Weren't Britannia's wrongdoings the fault of the previous Emperor, Charles...?
A Geass countermeasure, huh?
Now I know for sure that only the core members of the Order of the Black Knights and Kaguya know of Geass.
What are you after, Traitorous Emperor Lelouch?
That's odd of you to say.
Isn't Britannia as it is now a good country to you?
Is that really true?
The United Federation of Nations' resolutions are decided by majority.
The right to vote is proportional to the population of a country.
Now that the Chinese Federation has collapsed, the state boasting the largest population in the world is...
Britannia.
If Britannia were to join the United Federation of Nations...
...Emperor Lelouch would hold the majority of the votes.
In reality, wouldn't the United Federation of Nations be taken over by you?
I see!
So he really is a bad guy! 
You really are stupid.
What did you say?!
Well, Emperor Lelouch?!
If you believe we're wrong, you can either divide Britannia, or lower your right to vote to 20% of your population.
Lady Kaguya, may I ask a question?
What is it?
What is required to govern the world?
Dignity.
For people to rule over other people...
Good answer.
You really are something else.
But my answer is different.
Will you let me hear it?
The resolve to destroy.
Destroy?
The world, and even yourself! 
Oh no!
He's planning something after all-
Shit! 
Rudeness towards His Majesty the Emperor will not be forgiven!
Scout division, what were you doing?!
I'm terribly sorry, he came right out of the sea... 
Is he trying to threaten the representatives with brute force?
Hurry to Ashford Academy!
Rescue Kaguya-sama!
The Britannian Army is on the move!
What?!
They're entering Japanese territory from the sea.
A surprise attack...
The membership application to the United Federation of Nations
and specifying the Academy was all just to make himself a decoy.
But now that he has betrayed international trust...
No.
It probably means that he no longer needs trust.
So his true goal is dictatorship after all.
The man who abolished the aristocratic system and proclaimed himself Emperor.
Yes... Zero...
Lelouch has become the enemy of the world.
Retreat!
Retreat, Kōzuki! 
I will defeat Lelouch.
Besides, only Guren can handle Lancelot.
If this turns into a battle, we'll lose the nation representatives as well.
If the leaders of the countries disappeared just like that...
But the Tianzi is in danger too! 
I'm aware!
But we're up against Lelouch.
He's doing this because he's prepared to kill the hostages.
If we don't wait for the countries' decision, the United Federation of Nations itself will crumble.
Britannia will end up victorious!
Suzaku...
Now, Lady Kaguya.
Let's resume the voting.
Will Britannia be accepted or not?
This method is...
I do believe you're forced to accept us.
Now, let democracy begin.
What are Lelouch and Suzaku thinking?!
Making the entire world their enemy...!
A roadblock?
Just leave me, or you're gonna get involved too!
I can't just leave you!
Because Milly asked you to? In that case-
You friggin' moron! It's 'cause we're friends!
Congratulations!
We've secured the person of utmost importance.
Everything went as according to Your Majesty's predictions.
Good.
Handle her as politely as possible.
Oh, and leave the student who is most likely with her behind.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty!
An urgent message from the Avalon!
What is it?
Shit!
He got the first move!
Radius of the vaporized area is about... 100km.
I believe it was caused by FLEIJA.
And there is what looks like a huge fortress in the sky.
It spans 3km.
What in the world...?
Lelouch, it's just as you predicted after all...
Yeah.
The first manufactured batch of the FLEIJA warhead.
There's no doubt they've been equipped on the Aerial Fortress Damocles, which was developed by the Toromo Institute.
The only one who knows of the private imperial channel is...
Does it feel good to conquer people, Lelouch?
Schneizel...
I've gathered all of the FLEIJA warheads. 
You're drawing a bow on the Emperor of Britannia?
Unfortunately, I don't acknowledge you as the Emperor.
I see.
You consider yourself worthy of being Emperor?
No.
You're wrong, Lelouch.
She's the one who's worthy of being Emperor of Britannia.
Nu-
Nunnally...
Brother. Suzaku.
I am...
...your enemy.
Nunnally.
Since that day 8 years ago, I needed a purpose in life... someone to rely on.
Before I realized it, you became my guidepost.
Perhaps you became my foundation.
Perhaps it's linked with something which Suzaku and Kallen feel so strongly about.
So, am I about to lose my basis for existence yet again?
Or...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
The world is lying.
Don't kill.
Don't steal.
Don't deceive.
Don't be unfaithful.
It's all a lie.
Nothing but deception.
"I don't want to be killed."
"I don't want to be robbed."
"So I will protect my weak self with these lies of justice and morals."
Survival of the fittest is the only truth.
We'll devour it all.
People, wealth, authority.
The entire world!
We, Britannia, must break the world's lies and bring forth the truth.
All Hail Britannia!
All Hail Britannia!
It seemed as though you were having a nightmare...
I see...
Did something happen yesterday?
No...
Did I...
Did I say something?
You didn't say anything.
Nothing at all...
I see.
The world Nunnally desires.
The tomorrow she is choosing.
However, I...
Zero is in the way.
Nunnally's safety is assured.
She has both the Britannian Army and Suzaku.
He's my worst enemy, but at least I can trust him with that.
Yes... Just like I wanted him to once before.
Even if I no longer have to protect her...
Look, look!
It says this temple was built a thousand years ago.
That's great, but have you seen the water guns?
I got one for everybody, but...
What's this?
A net, candles, wigs, fireworks and even a tambourine.
Umm... All of this for a field trip...?
Leave it to me! This is my second time.
What's wrong, Lelou?
You don't look too good.
Oh, no...
Were you so excited about the field trip that you couldn't sleep?
Yeah, actually, that's exactly it...
Lelou, you're such a kid.
The new Governor-General of Area 11 will be giving her inaugural speech soon.
All students, please assemble in the auditorium.
Everyone, I am pleased to meet you.
I am the 87th successor to the throne of Britannia, Nunnally vi Britannia.
I have been appointed Governor-General of Area 11 in place of the late Marquess Carares.
Governor-General? That little girl?
Her Highness the Princess.
Please work with me.
"Please", she says...
This is getting out of hand.
I realize this is sudden, but there's something I would like all of you to help me with.
I am thinking of reestablishing the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon.
Impossible...
She spoke of the unspeakable...
In the Special Zone of Nippon, Britannians and Numbers will be treated equally,
and Elevens can take back the name "Japanese".
She just said Japanese...
Are they going to deceive us again?
Kururugi Suzaku is there too.
But he's also Japanese.
He's the Knight of the Genocide Princess.
He's the traitor who sold out Zero!
What happened previously at the Special Zone of Nippon was most unfortunate,
but I believe no ill intentions were behind its creation.
An equal, kind world...
The Order of the Black Knights, too,
please participate in the Special Zone of Nippon.
Again?!
It's too late...
If we both admit our errors, I'm sure we can start over.
This is what I believe.
You surprised me, Nunnally.
The Special Zone of Nippon... You're going to...?
Suzaku.
What Euphie was trying to do wasn't wrong, was it?
No. It wasn't Euphie who was wrong.
It's no longer needed.
Neither Zero, nor my battle.
That Governor-General is the same as the Genocide Princess.
It's probably safe to assume that no Japanese will participate.
Luring us out with sweet words, then slaughtering us, huh?
Who does she take us for?!
So, what are we going to do now?
We should have a showdown with Britannia!
Even though all we have left is one Guren unit?
Well, Zero will...
That's right!
Kaguya-sama!
It is as Tamaki-san says, but...
Why isn't Zero-sama here?
His new wife is here and all...
I didn't even receive a single letter while I was at the Chinese Federation...
Maybe he was cheating on you?
Don't spew bullshit!
It's not true! Okay, Kaguya-sama?!
Oh, I don't mind.
The saying goes that heroes like their women.
When you consider that he's a grown man...
Wh-What are you saying?
Nice save.
You're more of a woman than you appear.
Thank you for taking care of him while I was gone.
Don't mention it.
Come on Kallen-san, you too.
I...
We're the three who support Zero-sama... Oh!
[Note] Go to Wikipedia, type in Hinamatsuri, and look at the second platform section.
We're like the Three Court Ladies, aren't we?
Court Ladies?
Hello!
Where's Suzaku?
He went out saying that he's going after the Order of the Black Knights.
Even though he was in the middle of his examination...
He never changes.
The completion of the Conquista...
How is it?
It's turmeric and sugar on rye bread, and then wasabi...
You never change either...
Even though I've done all of this for Nunnally...
Everyone, I am pleased to meet you.
I am the 87th successor to the throne of Britannia, Nunnally vi Britannia.
I have been appointed Governor-General of Area 11 in place of the late Marquess Carares.
What are you doing?
Be careful!
Hey!
I'm no longer...
Nunnally may have realized that I lied.
But even so, she said she would carry on Euphie's will.
For that, I will...
I said money first!
You're annoying, you poor bastard.
Loser.
Please stop... You're an Eleven like me, aren't you?
If you want this, you have to bring me money.
A Britannian?
A student?
Japanese preying on other Japanese...
You've gone even lower than the Britannians.
Did you say Japanese?
We don't need pity from you Britannians.
We're Elevens.
Students shouldn't complain when people are working.
They're content with being used by me, student.
Don't touch me, you scum.
What?!
Why don't you do some push-ups?
All right.
Korczak, what are you...?
Let's have you over there dance.
Do squats.
Howl.
Applaud.
One-two, one-two, one-two...
I don't care if he doesn't come back here.
What's important to me is that he's alive.
No way... If all it took was for him to quit being Zero, it'd be easy.
It's not something romantic like that.
But at this rate it'll be over for the Order of the Black Knights.
Yeah... "Zero for Nunnally's sake".
That's what Lelouch said, Marianne.
Where's Lelouch?
Who knows? What could he be thinking...?
You're here after all.
This is where Zero...
Where it all began.
Lelouch, I wanted to...
That's...?!
Refrain.
You know about it, don't you, Kallen?
It can bring you back to your dear past.
Don't mess around!
What does one loss mean?!
Just think of another plan and make up for your loss!
Give me orders, like usual.
You want me to get in a KnightMare?
Or act as bait?
I'll do anything you say!
Then...
...comfort me.
There are things you can do as a woman, aren't there?
No!
Get a hold of yourself, Lelouch!
Right now, you're Zero!
Live up to your responsibility as the one who showed us our dreams!
Deceive us until the very last...!
Play your role as Zero to the fullest!
Rolo...
You've been watching me.
I forgot.
That's fine, just forget everything.
It's just painful and heavy.
Zero, the Order of the Black Knights and Nunnally.
No! Nunnally is...
For Nunnally's sake too.
Area 11 will become peaceful if Zero were to disappear.
You should just go back to being a student, and be happy.
But...
What's wrong with that?
Wanting to be happy...
No one will be hurt.
You can still make it as if nothing ever happened.
It's all right. I won't be going anywhere.
I'll always be with you.
Nunnally.
For what reason did you volunteer to become the Governor-General of Area 11, where Zero resurrected?
All my life, I've lived under my brother's protection.
Although I don't know where he is now, I'm sure he's watching over me.
Therefore I want to make decisions that my brother would approve of.
That mask is heavy.
Unless you have the resolve to bear not only the Japanese, but the entire world.
But, someone should...
This is the Britannian Army.
You have deviated from your original route.
Stop your engines!
We're performing a forced inspection.
Have we been discovered?!
Most likely.
We will wait 10 minutes.
All crew members are to line up on deck without arms before then.
I see, they all went on a field trip...
Want to go after them?
No... An empty cage is befitting for me right no-
Who is...?
Welcome back, Lelou.
Lelouch, you should light some too.
They're leftovers from the Culture Festival.
Why... What happened to the field trip?
You'd cry if we went without you, wouldn't you?
Travelling isn't about where you go, but about with whom you go.
That's right.
That's...
Oh, this?
They say that these will grant your wish, so I tried making one.
But for some reason, I can't remember who taught me that.
What did you wish for?
It already came true. Sort of.
I wanted to light fireworks together with everyone.
With everyone?
Nina. Kallen.
And Suzaku.
And Lelouch and Rolo.
But I only made one, so it only granted me Lelou.
A long time ago, I talked about this with Nunnally and Suzaku.
If happiness had a form, what would it be?
Yes... It may be something like glass,
just like Suzaku said.
Because you normally don't notice it,
but it's definitely there.
You can tell because if you look at it from a slightly different angle,
the glass starts reflecting light.
What can be seen within is proof of a grand existence,
more than anything else.
It's said that if you fold a thousand cranes, your wish will be granted.
What do you wish for?
I wish for a kinder world.
That's right.
A kind world was this close to me...
Even if it gets stained by fake memories,
it'll always be reflected in the clear glass, forever...
And ever...
Lelou?
Why are you crying?
Touched by our friendship, is he?
He has his cute sides too.
You're wrong.
That's impossible.
Guys...
Let's light fireworks here again sometime.
One more time, with everyone else, for sure.
Yes. My fight is no longer only about Nunnally...
It's time.
Commence attack!
They're here. Tanker bombers.
Jam enemy sonar.
Trim down 30 degrees.
Emergency submerge!
Any contact from Zero?
Still nothing...
They're probably planning on escaping into the sea again.
Launch the Portman II's!
Confirmed through the passive radar.
From the sound, I believe it's an underwater type.
Dive deeper.
It's over if they find us.
Launch the ASROC!
[Note] ASROC = Anti-Submarine Rockets
Don't panic.
They're firing blindly.
Form a net around them using Point Theta as the center.
We'll smoke them out.
Leaks are springing up all over!
Tōdō!
If we move, we'll be captured.
Endure it.
But...!
We're done for!
Q1, can you hear me? Q1!
This voice...!
Zero?!
Trim down 50 degrees.
Perform emergency submerge while heading for Point L14.
He made it!
Damn, you're late!
Continue dropping depth charges.
Don't break the net!
Fire all your torpedoes straight ahead.
Set the detonation time to 40 seconds.
Straight ahead?!
There are no enemies there!
Let's try it.
What can you do besides believe in him?
Fire all torpedoes after setting the detonation time!
Confirming sound of torpedoes firing.
Enemy position acquired.
The enemy is at point L14.
Concentrate the attack!
If they come back up I will arrest them myself!
Salamander to Blue Dolphin.
Changing direction of fire towards the point.
Inform the Portmans of the development.
Understood.
It's a finely woven net.
Don't mistake the targets.
This is Salamander. Roger that.
Setting target.
Rotating the depth charge cylinders.
Making launch preparations.
Anchors fastened, all crew brace for impact.
Air?
I see, methane hydrate.
What?!
The buoyancy is...!
Lord Kururugi! The bubbles...!
Bubbles?!
Th-The rudder!
It's no use! We're going to capsize!
No way...
Huge bubbles from the bottom of the ocean?
What's this, Suzaku?
Reinforcements wouldn't make a difference here.
Gather the remaining forces.
The Order of the Black Knights-
It's Zero!
Zero is coming right at us!
Zero-sama!
Is this...
...your answer?!
Don't shoot!
If you shoot, you'll be going against your superior's orders.
What?
I'm accepting Governor-General Nunnally's proposal.
Yes. The Special Zone of Nippon.
No way...!
He's surrendering?
Impossible!
Are you serious?
This is an order by Zero!
All members of the Order of the Black Knights, participate in the Special Zone of Nippon!
It's true that you may be smiling.
Perhaps you're enjoying it.
But that isn't the truth.
I am the only one who knows of the tragedy hidden in the shadow of that smile.
If there's only one person who knows the truth and has the power to save you...
Yes... I must oppose a kind of rule called "peace."
Oppose the system which looks down upon us,despises us, and treats us like toys.
In the name of Zero...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
Are you sure, Ōgi?
Yeah.
I'm responsible for escorting everybody away safely.
But...
I'm sorry, too.
For letting you fight on a battlefield dominated by FLEIJA...
Another FLEIJA...
The Towami fleet has been wiped out! 
What about the operation?
The operation will proceed.
The Avalon will continue to retreat.
Keep our distance from Damocles.
All squads will attack Damocles in waves to make them keep firing FLEIJA.
So easily, I... 
Nunnally, preparations for the next launch are complete.
O-Okay...
Strategy is losing its meaning...
However!
If we can just get inside, they won't be able to use FLEIJA!
Blaze Luminous?!
That large...
Damocles was originally created for the purpose of absolute air control.
If they keep ascending like this, we won't be able to reach them!
Suzaku, can you break through that barrier?
I'm trying.
But the output is tremendous... 
At least they shouldn't be able to fire FLEIJA under these conditions.
As long as our attacks have no effect, we're nothing but spectators.
The world has no choice but to fall silent before the overwhelming fear of FLEIJA.
Isn't that a state of peace too?
Gather all remaining forces around the Avalon.
We're charging against Damocles with the hostages.
Are you sure?
You came back because the prospects changed, didn't you? 
The rest depends on Your Majesty and Suzaku, though.
Schneizel!
Are you going to erase the hostages as well?!
Since the Order of the Black Knights have been defeated...
We haven't lost yet!
Then I'll wait 10 minutes.
Only 10 minutes?!
Aren't you contacting me because you're prepared to counterattack? 
All right.
10 minutes.
That was quite the steep loan of the 10 minutes needed for the next launch.
I just made preparations for management after the war. 
You're saying we don't need the Order of the Black Knights anymore?
What meaning is there in a collective military force?
Hey, Rivalz.
What is it, President?
It's pretty amazing...
One of our Student Council members is fighting with the world as his opponent.
Are you being sarcastic?
Since I wasn't able to protect Nina...
You're thinking too hard.
You did your best.
Doing my best wasn't...
No, you did your best. 
From behind?!
The Order of the Black Knights!
We 
You went around us, Xingke?!
I won't let you sink the Avalon!
Xingke... I'll stop you!
I won't lose to someone without principles!
You're finished!
What?!
Kururugi!
How could you pull that off in your state...? 
You've become a hideous being who disregards your own country and clings only to status.
What is it you want?!
I just want a future!
I don't give a damn about your kind of future!
I lost.
Tōdō-san!
Damn!
Oh, I suppose I should say I'm impressed.
Primary float system damaged. 
Damage rate 75%.
Is the Avalon going down?
They still haven't gotten inside!
Wait, wait, wait!
Now, to conclude our destiny!
I have a will too!
I didn't make it in time?
If they got inside...
If we can make it a melee battle, we can win!
Restrain power output, cut communications and head for the hostages!
Yes, Sir! 
Having lasted this long is good enough.
The flagship will sink into the Pacific.
You'll carry out mission Apate Aretia. 
Sir Lelouch...
You've served me well.
I thank you for your resolve.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Can we fire FLEIJA now? 
The Blaze Luminous is still up, and we still haven't reached critical condition...
I see.
It's a golden opportunity to get rid of the Order of the Black Knights too, though...
No, I shouldn't.
That's greedy.
Yes, I know.
This is my personal wish.
But...
It's Lady Euphemia's wish too, isn't it?
That's why I have to do it.
But the final program won't be complete unless you input the environmental data.
Take me with you.
You've done enough, Nina.
I understand your true intent through these words of yours right now.
Thank you for working with Zero... with me, Euphy's enemy.
I won't forgive Zero.
Probably never in my entire life.
But apart from that, I believe I have to find my own answer.
That's all.
You're admirable.
C.C., are you all right?
How unusual, you were worried?
Well, you're an important military resource.
That's why I came to pick that up.
Mind if I ask for an escort?
You're going out after all?
You might end up killing Nunnally yourself.
If she stands in the way of the Zero Requiem, it can't be helped.
Lelouch, don't you hate me?
By giving you a Geass, I changed your fate entirely.
That's unlike you, being a witch.
C.C., because you gave me a Geass...
Because you stood by my side, I was able to start moving forward.
From there on, it was all me...
This is the first time I've met a man like you.
C.C...
Kallen!
I'll be the one to stop you!
Farewell, Lelouch!
Leave this to me and go after Damocles!
So annoying! 
But up against Guren...!
I'm happy you worried about me.
Hurry up and go, then come back.
You're going to make me smile, aren't you?
Yeah, I promise.
I 
With this move, no matter what...!
Enemy KnightMare formation approaching.
It's being led by Shinkirō.
Dissolve a section of the Blaze Luminous over the FLEIJA launch gate.
Adjust target to Shinkirō.
Lelouch, is putting your own life on the line your last card? 
How unsightly.
Target adjustment complete.
Nunnally, it'll be over with this.
You can do it, right?
Yes, Schneizel...
Blaze Luminus dissolved.
Now.
All right, time to input data.
FLEIJA changes its composition constantly.
If that composition is hit with a matching response, FLEIJA's critical condition can be halted.
But the location's environmental data has to be inputted into the program before it explodes which is in approximately 19 seconds.
And even if the program is completed, the timeframe for execution is only 0.04 seconds.
Peace... is accomplished.
Suzaku!
Yes, Your Majesty!
Now!
It's possible in theory.
But... Lady Euphemia!
FLEIJA...
...disappeared?!
They did it...
They really did it?
In 19 and 0.04 seconds...
He had a toy like that prepared...
Now, dive in!
They broke through the Blaze?!
Not bad.
Enemy intrusion in Alpha 3!
The key...
The key to Damocles...
Communications with block Delta have been severed!
Float system control room 6 has been destroyed!
Your Highness Schneizel!
Impressive, Lelouch.
You're making me use my last plan.
Are you really going to use that?
Yeah.
Damocles has become a cage that holds Lelouch and the others.
After we've escaped, we'll blow up Damocles itself with FLEIJA.
It's a fabulous coffin.
I wonder if Lelouch will be pleased.
If Damocles reaches satellite orbit, even Lancelot won't be able to do anything.
We have to get to Schneizel in order to win.
We're analyzing the internal structure.
The password block-
What?!
Gino, huh?
Lelouch, I won't acknowledge your Britannia!
I'll dispose of you here!
Wh-What?!
This power is...!
Gino!
Suzaku.
Lelouch, go on ahead.
There's someone you have to defeat and someone you have to rescue!
All right!
You're not getting away!
Gino, do we really have to fight?
Yeah.
For that within myself which I must protect!
There's something I must protect too!
Protect? What?
Is Schneizel on the command floor?
Or...?
Seventh Sequence.
Adjusting FLEIJA detonation point to Damocles itself.
Ultimately, both Damocles and FLEIJA are just machines.
We can rebuild them.
But the Toromo Institute doesn't have that much capacity available.
Rosenberg doesn't either...
The entire world is already Lelouch's enemy.
If it creates a system without Lelouch, all sorts of organizationa should happily build us FLEIJA.
Won't that lead to terrorism?
We should hear Lady Nunnally's opinion, at least...
Do we really need to hear the bait's opinion?
Don't tell me you're going to abandon her?
World peace versus a single life...
It's sad, but it can't even be compared.
The key...
Where's the key...?
I have to stop my brother...!
This is the bridgehead! 
I'll hold it until His Excellency's strategy succeeds!
I don't like the current Lelouch. 
The Knight of Six!
A worthy opponent!
You're not fighting for a country or for revenge!
And you don't have a shard of ambition!
Those who don't have a reason to fight...
...should stay out!
I've found a reason... A promise.
Does that mean you love Lelouch?
Who knows.
I just wanted to bring an end to the accumulation of experience.
How human of you. 
I can't keep up... 
Kallen, you win.
I couldn't care less.
See ya.
I had no idea I still had the heart to care about losing or winning...
The key...
Where's the key?
Where is it?
I have to stop my brother...!
I...!
Departing shortly.
Just as planned, there has been no change to the rendezvous with Lord Hearthglen.
I've been waiting, Schneizel.
I see.
I'm the one in check, huh?
I see...
Tell me.
How did you figure out my plan?
It wasn't your plan.
I figured out your true nature.
True nature?
You don't want to win.
Our game at the Zhu Jin Cheng.
The Order of the Black Knights' coup d'état.
You're always playing games you can't lose.
And that's why I'd abandon Damocles?
Schneizel, I'll make you lose this time.
In other words, you're going to kill me.
Hong Gu, secure the bridge through pathway 3.
The country representatives...
Xingke!
Tianzi!
You're all right!
These people helped me!
Sir Xingke, we're your allies.
You're betraying Lelouch?
We were being threatened.
But now that Lelouch is gone...
At least you can trust them in the sense that they don't approve of dictatorships. 
Understood.
Yes.
It appears the final battle is occuring within Damocles.
And Ōgi...
The Secretary-General too.
I don't mind.
That means he's all right, correct?
Yes.
In the end, my brother didn't kill me.
He has no desires he's attached to.
If the times were better, he would've been an excellent king...
I'm a fool for not being able to read that deep.
Princess...
You're still calling me that?
Let me ask a question.
Did you want to seize the world from Damocles?
No.
I just want to create what everyone wants... peace.
Even if you ignore people's true natures?
That's just a difference in opinion.
You wanted to affix the world on today.
But a life without change isn't called being alive.
That's just an experience.
I'd call that knowledge.
You really are brilliant.
And because you're too brilliant, you're not seeing it.
Yes... Emperor Charles sought yesterday.
You seek today.
But I want tomorrow.
Tomorrow might be worse than today.
No, it'll be better.
Because no matter how much time it takes, people will continue to strive for happiness.
But that leads to greed...
This foolishness is astounding.
That's just an emotion.
Fruitless fabrications of ambitions and dreams.
That's your limit, because you've been looking down on the world with the mark of the Royal Family.
I've seen it numerous times.
People struggling against misfortune.
People searching for a future.
They all continued to long for happiness, and fought for it.
The root of Geass and of masks...
You're being inconsistent.
You, who continually denied people their will, have come here to approve of people's will and existence.
Enough.
Kill me.
But you'll go down with FLEIJA too.
Through our lives, world peace will-
That's why I'm giving you these words as a present, to serve Zero.
You weren't going to kill me from the start...
Y-Your Highness...
Damn.
How could I not notice?
That it was a recording, having seen through Schneizel's thoughts.
Order me anything, Sir Zero.
Schneizel, being convinced that you were going to be killed lured you towards your loss.
Don't move!
Zero! Your story is already over!
I can't allow you to live!
You have no right to deny me existence.
Your Highness Schneizel...
A person who didn't have any attachment even to his own life...
This is the power of Geass...
Z-Zero...
At least... use Geass on me... during my last moments...
Diethard, you aren't even worth using Geass on.
So, Schneizel, let's have you abort Damocles' self-destruction for starters.
Understood.
But Nunnally has the control switch for FLEIJA.
No matter how much you power up your machine, you can't defeat me!
That's what you say!
This is the result, Gino. 
No, I fulfilled my role.
The Blaze Luminous system...?
Now, Kallen!
Thank you, Gino!
Suzaku, looks like the time to settle things has come.
To our crossed paths! 
It's my brother... right?
That's right.
Are you after the key of Damocles?
Yeah.
That's a dangerous thing for you to have.
That's why.
Because I can't avert my eyes any longer.
Her Geass has been broken.
By her own will...?
Brother, are you going to use Geass on me too?
Perhaps I've been wandering ever since that day.
I was so sick of a world that never changed.
But I couldn't give in to despair by lying to myself.
Yes... My name, my personal history, the power I've gained...
Perhaps it's all been the path for me to find truth.
Perhaps that's what I've sought all along.
So...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
Nobody knows yet,
but there is a surge of emotion and desire that the Britannian youth, Lelouch, did not expect.
Thus, Lelouch has to face yet another enemy.
But the enemy in question is one born from his own karma.
Hope and atonement.
Freedom and solitude.
Yet the mass called the world just continues to spin,
ignoring individual intentions...
Charles, have you discovered anything after becoming the Emperor?
Everyone's a liar, Brother.
Britannia never changes.
If you're going to put it like that, then don't you mean all of humanity?
You may be right.
Charles, you haven't forgotten, have you?
About our contract.
I know.
We will slay the Gods and rid the world of lies.
That was close huh, Brother.
Shirley regained her memories.
She was heading after you with a gun.
I see...
You killed Shirley?
Yes. I'll eliminate all of your enemies.
Rolo...
What is it, Brother?
Well done.
If it hadn't been for you, my secret would've been exposed.
Well, it's not just your secret anymore.
That's true.
All right, let's go crush that Geass Cult.
We'll arrange a surprise attack with the Order of the Black Knights, and annihilate the source of Geass.
We can't, brother.
There are still Geass users at the Cult...
Tomorrow will never come if all you do is run away.
It's for the sake of our happiness too.
Our...?
That's right.
V.V. is suspicious of you.
Are you afraid of V.V.?
Well, he did take me in.
But... I can trust you, right?
Of course you can.
It's just us two brothers, right?
Are you going to kill me?
Or are you going to manipulate me with Geass?
Like you did with Euphy.
You threw away both your status and your army to prove your sister's innocence.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
I believe,
that the relationship between siblings is the most beautiful thing in this world.
She suffered multiple organ failure due to the gunshot wound and blood loss.
Are you saying Shirley shot herself?
Yes, possibly in a fit of...
Shirley...
Shirley committed suicide...?
Hey... Where's Lelouch?
I see, your friend...
Yes.
Milly informed me.
Were you close to her?
Dunno...
She was really cheerful.
To be honest, I didn't really like her.
Maybe you envied her?
You're probably right.
Because...
I didn't think I would cry about her.
Nina...
If you're still able to cry, it's all right.
Seriously, who does Lelouch think I am?
Leaving me here in charge of communications.
Huh? I don't think so.
I'm just worried that he's forgotten about our contract.
Anyway, what are you planning to do?
How long are you going to-
C.C.
Thanks to Jeremiah and Rolo, we've established the Cult's location.
I'm deploying Squad No. 0 to wipe it out in one go.
Wipe it out?
Weren't you going to use it?
It's not an armed organization, it's just a Geass research-
I'm wiping it out!
What happened?
Shirley was at the mercy of Geass till the very end.
Geass got Shirley killed.
Is that why you're eliminating the Cult?
As atonement, so the same tragedy won't happen again?
If this is the Power of Kings, then one person with this power is more than enough.
Rolo goes without saying.
This power called Geass, this sin...
I'll purge its very existence from this world!
That's the least I can do for Shirley...
Then you'll eliminate me too?
I couldn't even if I wanted to.
You damn immortal witch.
Speaking of immortality, V.V. is the same too.
It'll be good enough if I can just halt his activity.
There's also the method Clovis used.
Also, I want to confirm if you'll work with me or not.
You used to be at the top of the Cult after all.
That's in the past.
And besides, I was just a figurehead.
Unlike V.V.
But...
You and I are accomplices, aren't we?
Mercy will only get in the way.
I will see this through to the end.
There's one more thing I want to confirm.
The contents of our contact.
What is it that you desire?
That has nothing to do with the plan, does it?
I have no intention of telling you now.
What a selfish woman.
But of course.
I'm C.C. after all.
Putting Bartley and his men aside, what should we do about Her Highness Princess Cornelia?
We should at least inform His Majesty the Emperor...
Was Charles aware of Cornelia's actions? Or not?
Master V.V., it's the scheduled time for Lord Jeremiah's report.
Right. Put him through.
Nice to meet you.
You must be V.V.
Lelouch...
Why is Jeremiah's communications network being used...?
What's the point of origin?
Area 11. Probably from within Ashford Academy.
I don't think we need any introductions at this point.
There's something I want to ask you.
Were you the one who kidnapped Nunnally during the Tōkyō battle?
And the one who gathered me, Suzaku and the others at Kamine Island, while posing as an observer?
Yes, that's right.
But since you're asking that, you really did get your memories back, huh?
Yes, I am Zero.
Then C.C. is with you, right?
Hand her over.
If you do that, you'll be free-
It's already too late!
This has already turned into a war between you and I.
But by the time you get here, we'll already have moved to another place-
Master V.V., KnightMares are...!
What?!
We believe it's the Order of the Black Knights!
We've determined V.V.'s present location.
All units, encircle Point Alpha 7!
I see. So that's how it is.
Yes.
A little time was all that was needed.
If you let your guard down for just a moment...
If you believed I was still in Area 11, your escape time would be slightly delayed.
V.V., I will be the one to pass judgment.
Put the research data in the Eject Dart.
And prepare 
By yourself, Master?
I have to buy us time to escape.
And besides, Marianne's child needs to be disciplined.
I had no idea.
Who would've known you were a princess, Nunnally?
I'm sorry for not telling you the truth.
The same goes for me.
I miss Ashford Academy.
I've been told not to see Milly and the others, so the only one I can talk to is Suzaku...
And now my brother is missing too...
What kind of brother was Lelouch?
You see, I used to have a brother too.
So...
Being able to talk about my brother makes me happy.
Excuse me.
Governor-General Nunnally, I would like to borrow prisoner No. 107.
Subcommander Kinoshita, something's not right.
Is this really a facility used by the Britannian Army?
I-Indeed, they aren't fighting back in the least...
There are only unarmed civilians here.
Questions will be met with punishment!
But...
Britannia has been conspiring with insiders from the Chinese Federation,
and conducting research experiments for immortal soldiers here.
We mustn't forgive such desecration of life!
Erase all researchers and data.
We don't know where the test subjects are lurking.
Therefore, keep encircling Point Alpha 7 and destroy and burn everything!
If you find what appears to be a test subject, seal them in a high-pressure case!
I will inspect them personally.
You still haven't found Her Highness Princess Cornelia?!
We have to use this opportunity to rescue her-
That man... He was with Clovis, if I'm not mistaken...
Lady C.C.!
You've returned to us, haven't you?
Please save us, Lady C.C.!
Y-Your Highness Clovis...
It's the immortal woman we tried to offer to His Majesty the Emperor,
but it seems His Majesty was already aware of her existence...
I-I am truly sorry...
We should never have gotten involved with that... woman...
Yes, Zero said he was going to strike a Britannian research facility.
But I'm unaware of the location or the details of the plan.
Another top-secret operation?
Now that Saudi Arabia has also been suppressed, we need to get moving with the ratification of the United States Constitution...
Indeed, the forces that yield to Britannia's threats keep increasing.
But Italy and Poland are now our allies.
Inform me when Zero returns.
Understood.
Was that good enough?
Yes.
The information about Zero's actions and whereabouts must be kept secret no matter what.
Then you should tail Vice Commander Ōgi.
Vice Commander Ōgi has been acting strangely since the meeting the other day.
No, he's been hiding something even from before then.
Ah, flights to the Chinese Federation are currently...
I'm part of the Information Department.
Th-The organization working directly for His Majesty the Emperor?!
Yes.
There should be a special flight for diplomatic routes.
Understood.
Not only did Lelouch win Jeremiah over...
Even if the Vice Commander is communicating secretly with the enemy for Zero's sake...
...but Ōgi Kaname too...
Why are there kids here?
Wh-What?
My... My hand!
M-Mori, you...!
No, it wasn't me!
Geass?
This power must be...
...Rolo?
Yeah.
Have you been doing well?
Newcomer... You're called Rolo?
Are you from this place too-
It has nothing to do with me any more.
As long as I keep following my brother...
Now that we've cornered V.V., I just have to detonate the bomb I planted on Rolo's KnightMare.
I'll present Rolo's life as an offering to Shirley.
I'll make him pay!
What?!
Siegfried?!
No way...
Jeremiah! Isn't this your KnightMare...?
Yes.
Since it uses electric nerve connections, the only one who can pilot it aside from me is...
I knew it!
I didn't expect this, V.V.
The observer getting involved himself!
I did like you a bit, Lelouch.
Because you resemble Charles.
Bringing out the Siegfried here of all places!
Fall back!
He's targeting you!
That's as far as you go, V.V.
Please surrender already.
What are you talking about?
You traitors!
V.V., I'll drag you out.
All units, commence attack!
Yes, Your Majesty!
Damn, the electromagnetic armor is still functioning.
Getting all excited won't help you, child of Marianne.
That KnightMare was for me to fulfill my duty!
Jeremiah... You hated Zero, didn't you?
Aye.
Because I thought I would no longer be able to maintain my loyalty towards the Royal Family.
But if my rightful master is Zero...!
It'll be for Lady Marianne's sake as well!
Even you speak that name?!
Get all of the remaining KnightMares out!
Apparently the leader of this place is in that monster outside!
Shirley did...?
According to the coroner, she committed suicide.
She wasn't that kind of girl!
Suzaku, you know that too, don't you?!
Yes. So, if there 
That's right.
It's Lelouch.
Rolo, can't you stop Siegfried somehow?
But Geass doesn't work against V.V...
Just hold onto him.
I have something planned.
Ok, I'll try.
Rolo, I'll dispose of both you and the Siegfried here.
With the bomb I planted on your Vincent.
I'll do it! For my brother!
So it's Rolo now?
You lied to me too, didn't you?
And you know Geass won't work on me.
Master V.V., the escape preparations have been completed.
Is heading towards the EU all right for now?
Yes. I'll join you once I clean up here.
With this, I've confirmed a method  to capture C.C.
If I can just get away from here, Charles and I will be victorious.
If I can just get ahold of him...!
You know...
You were a failure.
You're a defective product who might die at any time since your heart stops when you use your Geass!
If I eject the legs, I can still...
I did it, brother!
Well done, Rolo.
Then here's where we part way-
Who is that?
Someone who knows the Siegfried's weak spot...
You said you're V.V.?
You looked down on me, thinking I was frail and weak, huh?
I'm sorry, brother.
No, don't worry about it.
I had no idea Cornelia was here too...
The Siegfried's armor has been destroyed!
Now we can make direct hits.
This is revenge for Euphy... Perish!
The source of...
...Geass!
I-It's no good, the Siegfried can't take any more...!
Lelouch... You cursed Prince!
Princess!
The Siegfried...!
Master V.V...
Calm down.
Master V.V.'s body can't be destroyed.
He should be able to use the Twilight Gate on the bottom floor too.
We should just escape with the research data for now...
No way...
L-Lady C.C.!
I'm sorry.
It was my fault for neglecting you.
Therefore, I will end the Geass lineage here.
It will most likely be my and Lelouch's...
All the evidence and testimonies say that Lelouch is innocent.
But my heart has always been telling me that Lelouch is a criminal...
That he is Zero.
I don't know Zero's identity.
I told you that when I was captured.
That's enough!
In order to stop any more tragedies from happening, I can't let methods hold me back.
So, using Refrain...
The target has escaped into the facility!
I'll start searching from the bottom up.
Rolo, start searching from the top.
Kinoshita, lead a squad and clear out the middle section!
Lelouch... How dare you...
I'm glad you came, Charles.
In the end, the only one I can rely on is my brother, huh?
Brother, is it true you sent an assassin after Lelouch?
That backfired on me.
But... I found out that Lelouch is Zero.
He was deceiving Nunnally too...
You lied to me again, Brother...
This is no different from Britannia.
Did we really need to kill the kids too? Really...
An indication of life, here?
You went back to the previous point, V.V.?!
What?!
Damn!
This is the same as Kamine Island...!
Wh-When did I leave the Shinkirō?
And where am I?
It's not a hologram?
That's right!
And KnightMares are too unsightly.
Before this system, the Sword of Akasha.
You bastard...!
My son, Lelouch.
The time has come.
The time for atonement...
Why is the Emperor in front of me?
Dammit, I have to reconsider the situation.
He must be doing this because he knows that I'm Zero.
I have no reason to hide it anymore!
The best plan would be to make him my servant through Geass.
That eliminates the need to capture V.V. and trade him for Nunnally, but...
But his Geass and this place pose obstacles!
Isn't there something I can do?
Something to bet everything on for this chance of a lifetime!OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
Long live the Order of the Black Knights!
Where's the KnightMare that saved Zero?
He left using Xingke's route.
Xingke?
The Chinese person I just told you about.
I see. I should use that too.
So, was that pilot the one at Babel Tower?
There's that incident with Urabe, so...
I won't reveal his name, but he can be considered our supporter.
Did you Geass him?
There wasn't a need for that.
Anyway, C.C., the Emperor...
Wait!
Are you going to keep the pilot a secret from me too?
What's wrong with that?
Can't I keep a secret every now and then?
As Zero? Or as Lelouch?
I haven't revealed our relationship either, have I?
Hey, don't put it like that!
What about Zero's true identity?
It should just be those within the organization who know it...
Let's keep that a secret too.
Lelouch, do you still want me to be the captain of Zero's personal unit?
Yes.
All right. Understood.
I'm counting on you.
Let's talk about Geass later.
More importantly...
Yes, I know.
It's our old uniforms!
All right!
I'm surprised he managed to prepare these for us.
Captain Kōzuki and Urabe prepared them.
I see... Urabe died an honorable death.
Yes...
Why don't you just confess to him?
Wh-What do you mean by that?
It's Zero!
Zero?
Zero?
Wait, wait!
I'm grateful that you saved us.
But if you hadn't betrayed us, we wouldn't have been caught in the first place.
Don't you have something to say?
Zero, what happened?
It's all to defeat Britannia.
Yes, and then?
That's all there is.
You have nothing else to say?
No excuse or apology?
Quit it!
Zero... You tried to secure our victory, right?
I am always aiming for results.
Understood.
There are times when battle plans have to remain hidden.
We need his strength right now.
And I know of no one with abilities greater than his!
I agree.
Everyone, let's trust Zero!
But Zero is using you like pawns...
Who else besides him could achieve this?
Waging war against Britannia...
Even the Chinese Federation can't do that!
Apparently the EU keeps losing to Prince Schneizel.
We're the hope of the whole colony!
Zero is the only leader we need to win this war of independence!
That's right!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
Zero!
As of today, I've been readmitted to the Ashford Academy.
I'm Kururugi Suzaku.
Nice to meet you.
Isn't Kururugi Suzaku...
...the guy who captured Zero?
The White Reaper is coming to our school?
He's the Knight of Seven.
But he's an Eleven...
Who cares? He's one of his Majesty the Emperor's closest men.
Okay, be quiet!
Lord Kururugi has been assigned to Area 11 and readmitted to school.
For now, you can sit next to Lelouch.
Okay.
Suzaku... You were my first friend.
But war tore us apart.
Britannia conquered Japan during the Second Pacific War.
The defeated Japan became a colony of Britannia.
I was abandoned by my home country.
I had to abandon my home country.
By the time we met again, our enemies and allies had changed.
I'm Japanese, but at the same time I'm a soldier of Britannia.
I'm Zero. We both hid our identities...
...and fought.
But those are my real memories.
His Majesty the Emperor rewrote three parts of his memory.
That of Nunnally...
...those regarding Zero...
...and the fact that I was a Britannian Prince.
In other words, right now we're...
Long time no see, Suzaku.
It's been a while, Lelouch.
Suzaku, long time no see!
You sure made a name for yourself, Suzaku.
I heard Suzaku is back!
President, we're still in the middle of class...
What, Lelouch? It's just this once.
You lost, Suzaku.
You've come to me only because I'm Lelouch.
Basically, an action taken because you know who I am.
Now, as long as Rolo doesn't screw up...
And then everyone besides us returned home. The teachers too.
To the Britannian motherland?
Yeah. So we're the only ones here who know you.
Right, Rolo?
Y-Yeah.
I see. No wonder there are so many unfamiliar faces.
Hey, you saw Zero's face, didn't you?
What was it like?
He's really a woman?
What about the rumor of him being His Highness Clovis?
Is he the prince of some country?
Uh... That's...
Come on, you can tell us that much.
Sorry, I'm not allowed to say.
It's a military...
Arthur!
You brought him with you?
You really like cats, don't you?
Have you noticed anything after coming into contact with him?
No, nothing in particular.
Then I conclude that the target's memory hasn't...
Please wait.
I need to investigate a bit further.
You don't trust our surveillance?
There's still the issue of C.C., right?
Continue your role as his brother.
Yes, My Lord.
It seems the Student Council is hosting a welcome party for Lord Kururugi.
Use that for additional confirmation.
Understood.
What should I do? Can I really trust Lelouch...?
Teacher, could you overlook all the irregularities about me and Rolo?
All right. I will.
Don't wander about too much now, you two.
Yes sir.
Ms. Villetta is the only member left, right?
Yes.
But Kururugi Suzaku is here too.
Do you want me to kill him?
I don't want you to do such things anymore.
Oh, and...
Yes?
Could you stop talking so oddly?
We're brothers, aren't we?
Don't worry. I'm hurrying along with my plans for your sake too.
I'll do it.
I'll liberate Japan while being at school.
Iwate.
Wakayama.
Tokushima.
We're getting reports from Yamaguchi too.
So this is what happens as soon as Zero appears?
The absence of Lord Guilford is affecting us too.
At this rate, it'll affect the supply of Sakuradite too...
Emergency!
An unidentified MRF has entered the building!
What?!
Impossible! This is the office governing Area 11!
What's with this sloppiness?
You're so slow that I'm getting bored.
Is this all there is to the defense line of Area 11?!
That judgment wasn't good enough.
I don't know who you are, but this is as far as you go!
I failed.
My weapons are placing priority on protecting the building.
Guess I have no choice...
What?!
Don't tell me, that machine is...!
Is that how it is?
The transforming KnightMare Frame, Tristan...
That means you're the Knight of Three, Lord Gino Weinberg, correct?
Yeah. I've come to test you.
Now try to stop me!
Very well. We won't put up with this humiliation!
That's right, please give it your all.
That goes without saying!
Thank you!
You...!
Stop it!
That's enough! The victor is clear.
Is that your conclusion as the Knight of Seven?
Yes.
Suzaku!
Gino, I wanted you to bring me the Lancelot.
Right. It's coming next week with Earl Lloyd.
Anyway, what's with the outfit?
It's my school uniform. I've returned to school.
Oh, so this is...
Gino, I know you're an aristocrat, but could you please behave a little more normally...
Umm, you're heavy...
Is it over?
Mordred... Anya, you came as well?
Is it over?
Suzaku says we're done.
Boring.
Now I have more than enough military strength.
Lelouch, I'll bring everything out into the open at the welcome party in three days.
Sorry to have kept you waiting!
We're now starting the welcome party for the Knight of Seven!
A greeting from the guest of honor!
Umm... Do I have to?
Of course! It's an order from the President!
Give it up. This person's word is the rule at school.
All right, then.
I'll get it over with.
Meow~
The horseback riding experience course is this way!
Brother, the meaning of the party seems to be changing...
That's because it's President Milly. She loves her events.
And she wants revenge for what happened last year too.
What should I do?
Should I, after all...?
Rolo... That's dangerous.
Look, this is how you do it... Hold it like this.
L-Like this?
Don't hurt yourself.
Okay...
Brother...
The truth is... My Geass has a weakness...
This is interesting!
Anya, look at this.
Recording.
You really like doing that, don't you?
Hey, what do you want to do? Shall we take a look around the school of commoners?
Yeah, yeah! I'm at the storage below the school.
Where's that spare Energy Filler...?
Huh? Isn't this Nina's stuff?
Got it.
Find out more about the F cells from Kyūshū and contact Diethard.
Yes. Have Lakshata come here...
No way!
We're baking the world's largest pizza!
Give me the details.
Sure, here you go.
The world's largest pizza!
Hey!
What... did you come here for...?
I have to get that.
Why do you get distracted by this shit?!
Anyway, come here!
You're so forceful, boy.
Quiet, witch!
Are you aware of your situation?!
The Emperor is after me.
Using you as bait.
That's right. Suzaku is here too.
And that woman, who I can't use Geass on.
From young, beautiful girls to grown adulteresses!
Welcome to the Swimming Club's "Pick Whoever You Please" Cafe!
I'm so happy that we got our teacher involved!
Shirley... I'll kill you a hundred times over after this.
If it wasn't for the mission, I'd never be a teacher...
I used to be a school teacher a long time ago...
Guren Mk. II has been confirmed.
Kallen is most likely at the embassy.
Yeah... It's difficult.
She's calling it a resistance...
Nina is doing well.
She defended her thesis at a conference earlier.
Is she going to complete the Ganymede?
Who knows? Unlike Lloyd, her major is...
Has Earl Lloyd said anything?
No, nothing...
Maybe he got tired of me?
Because I had to repeat a year and postpone our wedding...
No, he's...!
He has a lot of faults as a human being...
Arthur! That's Euphie's...
Suzaku! The lead is supposed to wait here...!
What's this?
Making a giant pizza... with a KnightMare?!
So, was it the same person who gave the Emperor his Geass and told Suzaku about it?
Yes.
But if I tell you any more...
I'm already involved.
V.V.
V.V.?
Did he give Suzaku a Geass too?
No, it seems he hasn't.
Anyway, if I stay by you...
Lelou!
What is it, Shirley?
Oh, you're over there?
Do you need something?
Umm, it seems Ms. Villetta is avoiding me.
So, I thought I'd ask you to...
Huh? You're alone?
Yeah.
Weren't you just talking to someone?
No, it's just the two of us here.
Just the two of us...
Crap, this feels like a chance.
Say, Lelou, wouldn't you...
Sorry, I can't quite hear you.
W-What are you supposed to be?
What are you doing? If you're seen here...
I came to bring that Pizza Girl back.
Well, she's with the tomatoes.
Carry the container out of here, and wait for orders from Tōdō or Ōgi-
Who are you? You're being rude!
How awkward...
Don't just stand there, say something!
If I talk, you'll know it's me...!
Hey, wait!
Shirley, that creature is...!
Lelouch!
Have you seen Arthur?
He took an important quill...
Could he be inside?
No, cats and tomatoes don't come as a set!
This is the starting point, right?
Don't tell me... Gino?
Yeah.
The schools of commoners are really interesting.
Hey, wait!
Wasn't that Arthur?
Aww... I'll have to change the programme.
Now then, it looks like he has appeared on the parade route!
He'll be coming here after circling the school.
It's a Classic Knight, but it's in good shape.
Well... The route looks good.
Shake time!
What a failure.
That Pizza Girl is going on stage!
Show me your face, at least!
This really isn't my genre...
Charge!
He's here!
Knight of Seven, Kururugi Suzaku is making an entry with the ultimate tomatoes from Andes!
Now come! We've been waiting for you!
But...
You got the person inside wrong!
Hey, hey!
General patrol!
Look towards the rooftop garden!
What is it, Vice-President?
System Pattern Rouge!
System Pattern Rouge.
Releasing fire extinguishing gas.
I see, it was that kind of surprise.
What in the world is going on?!
I'm sorry, are you all right?
Ah, I should say the same...
Recording. Thank you.
You're welcome.
I guess a break like this is possible too.
Well, it's all right.
So?
Was it only the Swimming Club who saw Kallen?
Maybe the teacher too.
Villetta?!
I don't know her name...
But it's strange, she looked like the person who was with Ōgi during the last culture festival...
Villetta and Ōgi?
She might've been a member of Ōgi's personal underground collaborators, as Minami suggested.
Is Ōgi keeping secrets from me?
You're too thickheaded for that stuff.
They were...
Rolo turned sides?
Villetta Nu. The woman who earned the position of Baron for the achievement of discovering Zero's true identity.
But behind the scenes, she was communicating with the Order of the Black Knights.
I would never betray-
Ōgi Kaname.
If your relation to him was found out, you'd lose your hard-earned position.
Why not turn over a new leaf?
Shirley entrusted me with this.
The timing is perfect.
Ms. Villetta, Happy Birthday.
Looks like I owe you another favor.
I merely used my diplomatic immunity.
Besides, we want to repay your favor as soon as possible.
Then can I request one more thing?
I'm not planning on conspiring with you.
I want you to contact the Chief Eunuch.
Now I only have Suzaku left to capture.
Lelouch.
The lead should stay on the main stage.
Nah, it looks like they're all having fun.
Besides, there's something I want to talk to you about.
What's that?
I'm planning on becoming the Knight of One.
Hey, that's the most powerful Knight in the Empire...
One of the privileges of the Knight of One is to be able to choose one Area for himself.
I'm planning on choosing this area...
Choosing Japan.
I lost important friends and an irreplaceable woman.
I'm going to become stronger, so that I won't lose anyone again.
So the people of Japan no longer need Zero.
Indirect reign, is it?
Aiming to be a protectorate?
I'll let this person answer...
The new Governor-General who's arriving next week.
The Governor-General would speak to a mere student?
This is Kururugi.
Yes. He's right in front of me. Yes.
I'm not fit to talk to such an important person.
Hello. Brother?
It's my brother, right?
It's me, Nunnally.
I'm coming over as the Governor-General...
Umm, are you listening? Brother?
It's Nunnally!
Right now, Nunnally is on the other end of this phone.
Does Nunnally know that I'm Zero?
No, I doubt that.
That's why Suzaku would try this trick on me.
If I talk to Nunnally, he'll know if I've regained my memories.
He's using Nunnally as a trap!
Nunnally...!
Suzaku! No matter how friendly you try to seem, your true colors are that of a brute who sold me out to the Emperor!
The thought of you being at Nunnally's side...!OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
Hey hey, how's it going with Lelouch?
You're the official couple of the academy!
Did you kiss yet?!
Oh, that was just an event, we still haven't...
There's nothing to be embarrassed about.
Everybody knows you're head over heels for Lelouch.
Geez! Even you, Ms. Villetta...
You love him so much that you'd shoot me, right?
It's been tough having to spend every day smiling happily with the girl who shot me.
But I was forced to wear the mask of a teacher.
Shirley Fenette, how dare you shoot me!
Lelou!
That's right.
Lelou is Zero, and I have to avenge my father...
Jianmenguan has fallen, huh?
Macau's Air Force's facilities have been suppressed as well.
Asahina and Hong Gu should be enough to defend Kazakhstan.
I'll leave Minase and Sugiyama in charge of setting up internal affairs.
Looks like everything's going well, Brother.
It's only the local military, which refused to accept us, haphazardly trying to raise an army. Hardly worth calling them an enemy.
Only 'cause you got hold of the banner they use to rally.
That's right.
Where are you going?
I'm going to check out Ikebukuro.
I'll continue helping you with your homework when I get back.
Have a nice trip.
Lelou is Zero...
Ms. Villetta is a soldier...
Kallen is with the Order of the Black Knights...
Then what about Nina?
The President?
Rivalz?
Is it just the academy that's strange?
Why is Nunna the Governor-General?
What is a lie?
What is the truth?
Sure.
It's good enough for the first phase.
Then we will continue to work this way.
Shirley.
Wait!
It's me.
Why did you ask me to come out all of a sudden?
Shirley?
Lelouch.
Where's Lelouch? On a date?
He went to test the G Train. 
That's convenient.
Rolo, why did you switch sides?
Unlike me, you were dispatched by the Cult...
Why're you asking me that?
Are you trying to get between me and my bro-
B7 to the command room.
A suspicious person has been located near the chapel.
B5 and B9 have proceeded to secure him.
This is what happens when you just ask where Lelouch is?
Lord Jeremiah... Why?!
The target is heading towards the club house.
B2 and B8 have been eliminated too.
Use the school intercom! Get the students out of the target's area!
Get out of my way.
I'd like to avoid killing women if possible.
I, too, prefer to avoid needless killing.
Engarde!
Machinery?
All thanks to Zero.
Apparently, they're going to slay the gods...
The gods?
I thought it was a metaphor for something, but that's what they believe, at least.
Ridiculous.
There are no gods. 
You're correct.
A goddess with wings growing from her back. An old man with a long beard.
Gods like those don't exist.
Lady Cornelia...
You never know what kind of Geass they might use.
You can't let your guard down just because it's a child.
Yes... You're correct.
As expected of the infamous Princess Cornelia.
As your uncle, I'm proud of you.
Impossible...
We swore...
...that we would slay any god that made men struggle amongst themselves.
Even if you're a modified being, you still have raw organic parts!
Your aim is good.
I will stop you!
For Sir Lelouch's sake!
Nice martial arts.
But against Jeremiah Gottwald...
Sayoko!
I'll steal his time!
Sayoko, go ahead while I have him restrained.
Understood.
No way... My Geass was...!
I have to put up another barrier of absolute suspension- 
Rolo Lamperouge!
So he 
How come my Geass won't...?
Thus, I was chosen by the Cult as their assassin.
So you really have come to kill my brother!
Lord Jeremiah!
Villetta?
Lelouch won you over to his side too?
Lelouch is at the Ikebukuro Station right now!
I beg you, Lord Jeremiah!
Save me!
I will.
What should I do...?
I called Suzaku out, but what should I say...?
And Lelou's here too...
Shirley, what's the meaning of this?
No, it was probably Suzaku who invited her...?
Rivalz said Lelouch was in Japan all the time.
The reports from the Information Department also attest to his innocence...
Why can't I believe it?
Villetta, have you betrayed my brother? Or...
Contact Lelouch.
I'll hold ground here, you two should head to Ikebukuro.
If Lelouch lies in wait, you can assault Lord Jeremiah from both sides.
I have to tell Suzaku...
That Lelou is Zero, and that he's my father's enemy...
This is the border.
Between the settlement and the ghetto.
But I 
Wait.
What if they're working together?
To restore Area 11 to Japan...
That's right. They've been best friends for a long time...
What's wrong, Shirley?
No!
Don't come closer!
Shirley!
Liar!
You're all just pretending!
I...
No!
Let go of me! Let go of me!
No! I won't let go!
I don't... I don't want to lose anything else.
I don't want to lose anything at all.
Shirley...!
Suzaku!
Hey, something like this happened before, didn't it?
You know... When you two were trying to catch Arthur?
Oh, now that you mention it...
Yeah, something like this happened.
It's always Suzaku who has to pull you up, huh?
If Lelouch had been on top, we both would've fallen.
You brute. 
If you're as good as you say, then you would've caught her before she fell.
Don't be ridiculous.
What am I smiling about?
Lelouch killed Euphy...
No. Lelou is alone...
Oh, excuse me.
Brother, be careful.
Jeremiah is heading over to you.
He's an assassin sent by the Cult.
My Geass didn't work on him.
He's still alive?
What do you mean by assassin?
I'm not sure.
Look, don't do anything reckless before we get there.
Did something happen?
This isn't good, if Suzaku's here...
It didn't look like a call from a friend.
Ouch!
That's not fair, Suzaku!
My matter comes first, doesn't it?
Oh yeah, you two were doing something, weren't you?
Are you jealous?
Thanks, Lelou.
Can't you wait a little? I just...
All right, let's go, Suzaku!
Ah, w-wait!
This place is going to become a battlefield.
In consideration of Shirley's safety, being with Suzaku 
You're Jeremiah Gottwald?
Yes I am.
What?! He's bulletproof?
I see. So you're affected by Lelouch's Geass, huh?
So not only does Geass fail on him,
but he has the power to dissolve the effects too.
A fire?! It's terrorists!
Now come here, Orange!
You had something important to talk about?
I... I like Lelou.
You don't like him, Suzaku?
I... used to like him...
What about now?
I thought it was strange...
You used to be such good friends.
Did you fight?
I can't forgive him.
Nothing's unforgivable.
I'm sure it's just you who can't forgive him.
Because you don't want to.
I've already forgiven him a long time ago.
Shirley, you...
Have you contacted the fire station? 
Shouldn't we contact the military first?
This case is...
I'm the Knight of Seven, Kururugi Suzaku.
Oh! I-It's... 
There's a possibility of terrorist involvement.
I'll supervise the police and firefighters in the vicinity from here on out.
Yes, My Lord!
I'd like you to protect her.
What is it? We're in the middle of a meeting.
Think I give a damn about a meeting I wasn't called to?
There was an urgent message from Zero.
But something's not right.
Zero, this is Ōgi.
Did something pressing happen?
The people from Taiwan are currently-
Ōgi...
That voice...!
Just wait, brother.
We've finished evacuating the civilians.
Lelou...
Please step into the car. 
It's an order from the Knight of Seven.
You, hold it!
Wait for me, Lelou.
I won't let you remain alone!
You're not getting away.
Where are you, Lelou...?
He's fighting after all.
Lelou's fighting... all alone.
A body of metal and a Geass Canceller...
Your obsession is top class, huh, Orange?
It's not obsession.
This is loyalty.
Exactly which part of the Emperor makes him so worthy of your loyalty?
What... the...?
Looks like you did use Sakuradite for your abilities.
A Gefjun Disturber...
Oh, you've done your homework.
Then you should understand.
Once completed, this system that interferes with Sakuradite will freeze all of the city's operations from the train line.
In other words, Tokyo comes to a standstill.
Thank you. You were a good test subject.
Rolo?!
Shirley?
Tell me, Rolo.
Do you like Lelou?
Now, tell me... Where's the Cult? Where's V.V.?
You're the one who'll be talking.
What?
I have a reason.
The resolve to carry out my duty...
I have to verify the truth...
Impossible, he shouldn't be able to move!
Lelouch, tell me.
Why do you act as Zero, and turn your own country, Britannia, and your own father into your enemies?
Because I am Lelouch vi Britannia.
My father, the Emperor of Britannia, left my mother to die.
That caused Nunnally to lose her eyes and legs, and even our future...
I know.
Because I was there too.
You were my mother's...?!
It was my first duty.
To act as the revered Queen Marianne's bodyguard...
But I was unable to protect her...
I couldn't fulfill my duty... 
That's why you joined the Purist Faction?
Sir Lelouch, you became Zero for the sake of Lady Marianne, didn't you?
You didn't come here to kill me...
My allegiance is towards Lady Marianne, not V.V...
Now I won't have any regrets...
Lord Jeremiah!
Your... Highness...?
Jeremiah Gottwald.
Your duty isn't over yet. 
Isn't that right?
Yes, Your Majesty.
I like Lelou.
What about you?
I like him.
He's my only brother after all.
You're on Lelou's side, aren't you?
Please, let me join you too!
I want to protect Lelou as well!
I want to bring back his happiness!
And his little sister Nunna's too! 
Yes, I sent Jeremiah.
He'll take care of any obstacles.
Don't fight him. He's on our side now!
Shirley!
Who could've done this...?
Lelou...?
I'm so glad I get to speak with you at the end...
It's not the end! I'll call for an ambulance right now.
So please...!
You know, I was really scared when I got my memories back...
A fake teacher... Friends without memories... Everybody was lying.
I felt like the whole world was keeping watch on me...
Lelou, you've been fighting alone in a world like that... all alone...
That's why I... I wanted to become something that was "true" to you... 
Shirley...
I like you, Lelou.
Even though I found out you got my father involved, I didn't come to dislike you.
Even though you made me forget everything, I came to like you again... 
Even though my memories were manipulated, I came to like you again...
You can't! Don't die, Shirley!
No matter how many times I'm reborn, I'm sure I'll come to like you again...
This must be fate, right...?
Don't die, Shirley!
Don't die!
Don't die!
So it's ok, right, Lelou?
To be reborn, and come to like you again...?
I'll come to like you, no matter how many times...
Shirley...!
Shirley!
C.C. once told me.
Geass is the Power of Kings, and it will isolate you.
Then how should I...?
Shirley... I wanted to apologize to you.
I had to apologize to you!
For having involved you with Geass too much. For making you the sacrifice.
How should I atone for this?
Please tell me... Tell me...OP START
END OF OP
ED START
END OF ED
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
ima iku yo boku wa nagareboshi
sekai ga kuchihate te mo kawaru koto no nai mono ga aru
namida wo koraete demo mamoru beki mono ga bokura ni wa aru
nanmannen nanokunen mae kara no messeji ga tainai de uzukidasu
naribiku
shagareta koe de asu wo yobu
kizu darake no te de kimi mamoru
l continue to fight
l continue to fight
asa mo yoru mo koi kogarete
hoshi ni naru yo kimi mamoru tatakai wa yukue shirazu
ashita to kinou no kousaten de majiwaranai kimi to boku
sadame wo kirisaku nagareboshi
afureru kimi no namida boku ga ima ubaisaru
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
So I'll go now. I'm a shooting star.
Even if the world falls apart, there are still things that won't change.
We'll have to put up with tears because we have things we must protect.
The message from ten thousand, no, a hundred million years ago makes my heart ache.
It echoes.
I call for tomorrow in a cracked voice.
I protect you with hands covered in scars.
Morning and evening, I long for you.
I'll become a star to protect you, not knowing where this fighting will take me.
I couldn't meet with you at the place where tomorrow crosses with yesterday.
I'm the shooting star that can sever fate.
Now I'll take away your flowing tears.
2018 a.t.b.
A single terrorist is revived before the Holy Britannian Empire, which seeks to dominate the world.
His name is Zero.
He received the power to enforce absolute obedience from the mysterious girl C.C.
Using Geass, Zero decides to take up the resistance once again.
What will remain of these ripples that emit from Japan, now known as the colony of Area 11,
in the hearts of people and throughout the eras?
No one knows yet.
What happened to the Secret Intelligence Service that went in before?
No response yet.
The chaff should have cleared.
Reconnaissance Bureau No. 4!
Terrorists believed to be the Order of Black Knights are holding Babel Tower.
Confirming the presence of enemy KnightMare Frames.
All right.
Special Armored Division No. 7, approach from below.
Yes, My Lord!
We can't take anymore. Let's get out of here!
Hold out for just a little while longer...
Until Zero gets a hold of the building layout.
Then we'll back you up.
Lelouch...
That's right. I am Zero.
Zero!
He's Lelouch!
He used the Japanese... and you.
Is that the kind of man you want to protect?
Zero... I will stop you.
I lost to my former self... to Suzaku...
And then he...
I was brought before the Emperor of Britannia.
Former 17th successor to the throne, Lelouch vi Britannia...
It's been a long time, my son.
Y-You bastard...
I won't let you use your Geass.
Please excuse my rudeness.
Your Majesty, please allow me to become one of the Empire's 12 strongest Knights, the Knights of Rounds.
You're asking for a reward for capturing Zero?
You...
I told you, Lelouch...
That I would change this world from within.
You're going to accomplish this by selling out your friend?
That's right.
Very well.
I like that answer.
Then I am ordering you, a Knight of Rounds,
to cover Zero's left eye.
Yes, Your Majesty.
My foolish son, leading a rebellion even though you're a prince.
But I can still make use of you.
Wh-What?
I'll rewrite your memories.
About you being Zero...
About Marianne...
About Nunnally...
It can't be... Geass?!
You will forget all of these.
Stop it!
You're going to take even more away from me?!
My mother! Even Nunnally?!
I, Charles di Britannia...
Stop it!
Hereby inscribe new, false memories!
C.C...
It wasn't I who gave him his Geass.
Where is Nunnally?
The Order of the Black Knights is desperately looking for her.
What happened to Sayoko?
She escaped to the Chinese Union with Diethard.
She doesn't know Zero's true identity.
Thus, she doesn't know how important Nunnally is.
I'll find the one who gave the Emperor his Geass and save Nunnally...
I have a sister, but I never had a brother.
Who is he?
Thank God. You're from the Britannian Army, right?
I'm looking for my brother...
There's a map of the layout of the building, but there's no mention of the authorization code.
I won't be able to use this KnightMare.
What are you doing over there?!
Those clothes... You're a student?
You're from the army? What a relief.
Hurry up and see to this person.
He's with the Secret Intelligence Service?
What happened to His Majesty the Emperor's men?
Good. Carares' army doesn't know about me, just like the information said.
This guy's data is really useful.
Is there only one survivor?
Yes.
Just you.
What?
So...
Hand over your KnightMare.
Understood.
The authorization code is QR5 YK1D6.
Thanks.
Nicely done for someone whose Geass requires them to look into their opponent's eyes.
I don't want to hear that from an eternally young and immortal witch.
The terrorists are striking back?
Yes.
They appear to have captured one of our KnightMares.
What a disgrace...
However, the enemy are few in number.
If you want, I could...
No. You're here as a guest to entertain them.
I, as the Governor-General, should go.
But...
I'm not too fond of the spices of Chinese food.
Besides, it's more fun, isn't it?
To hunt humans.
Explode, Britannia!
Well done, Q1.
Head to floor 21 next.
P4, block the stairs.
R5, 30 degrees to your left.
N1, 50 meters ahead, fire at the ceiling.
We've lost contact with Lord Emilio.
Change the IFF code!
This is the fifth time!
Ortis squad has been wiped out!
This is madness... Who in the world is commanding the terrorists...?
What are you doing?!
G-Governor-General...
To think Zero is actually a student...
But he really is something!
Foot soldiers! We still have the Sutherlands Zero stole.
Hurry up and get in!
As long as we have Zero, we can win!
A miracle will happen.
It will!
Damn terrorists!
It's almost time for Governor-General Carares to show up.
Things seem to be going pretty well.
Kallen...
Didn't I tell you to head to floor 21?
I wanted to be with you.
It's finally just the two of us.
It seems like someone took the Area 11 bait.
Is it C.C.?
I don't know yet.
Kururugi, you're the first of the Rounds to be here.
Not even Schneizel and the others know of this place.
It's an honor, Your Majesty.
But why me?
You're the only one among the Rounds who knows...
Of Zero's true identity and of Geass.
This is...
A shrine?
Not really.
This is... Yes... A weapon to overthrow the Gods.
A weapon?
It's called the Sword of Akasha.
What do you want, you who abandoned Zero at Kaminejima?
Lelouch, you deceived me for so long.
About Zero actually being your classmate?
Or are you talking about my power, Geass?
Both of them.
Answer me.
Did you use Geass on me too?
To bend my heart to your will...
Lelouch!
Your heart is your own.
Your loyalty and admiration towards Zero too.
Don't move!
Kallen. Be proud.
It was your decision.
It was you who chose me.
You don't...
...believe me?
I want to.
Even if that means I'm a slave.
I see.
But it's Zero I believe in.
Not you, Lelouch.
Yes. That's fine.
By the way, how long do you plan to be dressed like that?
D-Don't stare, you perv!
Is that any way to address Zero?
That was directed at Lelouch!
Yeah, yeah.
What's wrong?
Britannian reinforcements have appeared.
There are so many of them. What should we do?
There's no way we can beat all of them...
What's going on?
Special Armored Division No. 4, commencing descent.
Let's show the Chinese Union the power of His Majesty the Emperor!
The power of the Holy Britannian Empire!
Yes, My Lord.
They're coming in from above too. At this rate...
You're right.
Governor-General Carares must've taken action.
Getting out will be hard.
So...
This is my win.
Advance Squad No. 2 has gained control down to floor J.
Only one escape route remains for the Order of the Black Knights.
But that's where our main unit lies in wait.
Yes.
All that's left is driving them out.
Make arrangements with the media.
A public execution would be fitting for terrorists.
The enemy should be certain of their victory.
The conditions have already been cleared.
It should be only that one floor left.
We should be done within 10 minutes.
Got it.
Then you'll be able to keep that position.
What about Diethard's preparations?
The system is live.
Everything is going according to plan.
This is B2. One of the enemy's KnightMare's is...
What happened?
No way... He was right ther-
B2... what happened?
Has the enemy stopped using the IFF?
And it's just a single unit...?
Zero! This is P6. The enemy... the enemy-
P6!
This is R5. We lost R1...
This is bad. At this rate, he'll make it here..
We have to get Zero out of here at least.
We're just diversions anyway, disposable pawns, so...
You're wrong.
That's not correct, Urabe.
We can't win against Britannia with the concept of just reducing their numbers.
Captain Urabe.
Think you can make it?
Yes. The supply entrance, right?
Yes. It's a shortcut to get to this floor.
Confirmed. It's probably a mass-produced prototype based on the Lancelot.
I see. This isn't the time for capturing it.
Destroy it.
Understood.
What? It disappeared?
How did it get here...?!
Wait! What do you mean it disappeared?
C.C.!
You're still not done with that floor?
Why are you panicking?
Aren't Kallen and Urabe with you?
It's him, the irregular!
Impossible...
It's not Suzaku. I won't have my strategy ruined by your tactics!
I'm better at close combat than you!
Too slow!
He disappeared?! His speed is...
Godlike.
Impossible.
That's not physically possible.
It's something else...
I-I'll get killed!
Urabe!
Urabe-san!
Zero, I don't care if you're a student.
I don't think you lied when you talked about reducing their numbers.
Kōzuki!
Y-Yes!
Take care of Zero.
He's the only hope we have left.
I'm sorry, Lakshata.
Zero! Take good care of Japan... of her people...!
So Shiseiken doesn't turn into just an empty name!
Urabe...
Another instantaneous movement, huh?
W-Wait!
I have to make up my mind too, for Zero's sake...
I'm so sorry to interrupt, but the preparations are complete.
I see...
Urabe, the moment you bought us won't go to waste.
Damn terrorists... Don't tell me they're trying to commit suicide?
Those uncultivated monkeys!
All units lost.
All units, connection severed.
Wh-What?
Elevating to Emergency Level C!
Distance 1500 until interception. Commencing circulation after ascending.
I see. The enemies above us will get smashed into the ground.
That's not all.
I-Impossible...!
Focusing on that escape route was your mistake.
It's the same as telling me where you would be.
Farewell, Governor-General Carares.
The Governor-General was killed.
Where is Lord Cornwell?
With the Governor-General...
What about the chain of command?
The Ministry of Internal Affairs...
What, leave it to the civil officers?
Is this any time to be arguing?!
I'm taking command.
I'm not doing it based on authority. This is only a temporary measure.
I swear it by the name of my Princess. Please cooperate with me.
Princess?
He must be talking about Her Highness the Princess Cornelia...
Then...
Yeah.
Yes, My Lord!
Thank you. I appreciate it.
I'm heading to the scene to relieve command.
Alfred, inform the police. Bart, remain here.
Th-That's...
What's the matter?
I am Zero.
Hey, hey. What's this?
No way!
It's Zero, right?
Wasn't he supposed to be dead...?
But how, all of a sudden...?
Don't tell me... He's the real thing?!
People of Japan, I have returned!
Stop the broadcast!
I can't. It's not accepting the signal.
It's the Line Omega I installed!
The only one who knows of it is... Zero!
You're alive after all!
Hear me, Britannia! Behold this, all of you with power!
I am sad...
War and discrimination. The strong waving about their evil intents.
This tragic comedy that keeps moving in the wrong direction.
The world hasn't changed one bit.
That is why I had to be revived.
As long as the strong continue to oppress the weak, I will fight back!
First in line was General-Governor Carares, who just now received divine retribution!
Well, well. The King of Elevens is certainly starting in style. Right, Suzaku?
We have it! They're transmitting from the Chinese Union's Consulate-General!
The Chinese Union?
Don't tell me they went into asylum?
How did they get past the surrounding military...?
I see! They used the inside of the collapsed building... used Babel Tower as a road...
Then, the Chinese Union...?
They already knew about it?
Impossible!
Hey, didn't Zero die?
Yeah.
So he's a fake?
Either way, if we assault the Consulate-General...
That'd be a major violation of law.
It'd become an international problem.
Not only is he claiming to be Zero, he murdered royalty.
The battle with the E.U. is important too.
They're both ant hells...
He killed the Governor-General and secured an escape route at the same time...!
This level of intelligence... He's very bold.
It's Zero, the real one!
I will fight against all those who misuse power!
Therefore, I am once again announcing the creation of the United States of Japan.
Is this okay? It's not according to Tian Zi's will...
Are you dissatisfied with what I've decided?
No, of course not.
Zero, we gladly accept an alliance with you.
Japan.
The terrorists are forming a country?
From this moment on, this very room is the first territory of the United States of Japan!
A country consisting of only one room, that's really something.
He's an interesting man, as always.
We won't question your race, principles or religion. There's only one requirement to become a citizen.
To carry out justice!
From here on is the territory of the Chinese Union.
Understood.
We shall meet during diplomatic negotiations later.
Zero... Will he really be of use to us?
The Britannian army has already been sent back.
Or are you one of Zero's followers?
Who knows? Which am I?
I'm not fond of riddles.
I'm the same.
I want to know the truth.
That's why I've come to kill him.
Zero.
If I just wait, the world will never move.
To find and be able to protect Nunnally, I need power.
I'll obtain it, a power stronger than the Emperor's and Suzaku's.
I have to try and gain it.
Manipulate with my Geass to that end.
Using the United States of Japan as the core,
I will build a world that will surpass Britannia!
For that, I have to deal with my fake brother, Rollo, first...
